                                             BASIC LEASE INFORMATION

Preamble         Date of Lease: January 1, 2022

Preamble         Lessor: Bee Cave Properties, Inc., A Texas Corporation

Preamble         Lessee: A Glimmer of Hope Foundation, a Texas Corporation, 501(c)(3)

Preamble         Building:
                 Centre One Office Building
                 3103 Bee Caves Rd.
                 Rollingwood, TX 78746

Section 1.1(a)   Premises: Suite 201

Section 1.1(a)   Net Rentable Square Feet of Premises: approximately 2,175 net rentable square feet.
Section 2.1      Lease Term: Expires at 11:59 p.m. local time on the last day of December, 2026.

Section 2.2      Lease Commencement Date: The later of January 1, 2022 or the date on which Landlord
                 substantially completes the Tenant Improvement Work in the Premises in accordance with
                 Exhibit E.

Section 3.1      Base Rent: Fixed Annual Rent is as follows:

  Annual Fixed (Base)          Annual (Fixed)          Monthly Fixed      Monthly Addnl Rent for       Total Monthly
  Rental Rate per RSF        Base Rent (Dollars)        (Base) Rent       Operating Expenses**              Rent

 $               22.00   $             47,850.00   $           3,987.50   $             2,628.13   $           6,615.63
 $               22.75   $             49,481.25   $           4,123.44   $             2,628.13   $           6,751.57
 $               23.50   $             51,112.50   $           4,259.38   $             2,628.13   $           6,887.51
 $               24.25   $             52,743.75   $           4,395.31   $             2,628.13   $           7,023.44
 $               25.00   $             54,375.00   $           4,531.25   $             2,628.13   $           7,159.38

 ** This is subject to change upon reconcilation and adjustment.
    Using $14.50 as starting Operating Expenses.


                                                          PLUS

Section 4.1(a)   For Purposes Of Operating Expenses: Tenant’s proportionate
                 share of increases in Operating Expenses is 5.48 % [a percentage
                 equal to the rentable square feet in the Premises divided by the
                 rentable square footage of the office space in the Building].
Section 4.1(b)   For Purposes Of Property and Liability Insurance: Tenant’s proportionate
                 share of increases in Real Estate Taxes is [ 5.48 % [a percentage
                 equal to the rentable square feet in the Premises divided by the
                 rentable square footage of the Building, which is __.].

Section 4.1(c)   For Purposes Of Real Estate Taxes: Tenant’s proportionate
                 share of increases in Real Estate Taxes is [ 5.48 % [a percentage
                 equal to the rentable square feet in the Premises divided by the
                 rentable square footage of the Building].

                 The total of section 4.1(a) thru section 4.1(c) is estimated to be $14.50 per rentable square
                 feet which equals $2,628.13 per month. This amount is subject to reconciliation of expenses
                 and adjusted accordingly.

Section 5.1      Security Deposit: $ 6,615.63.

Section 6.1      Permitted use of Premises: Business Offices of 501(c)(3) to provide a brighter future for
                 Ethiopia.

Section 7        Number of Parking Space for Tenant/Tenant Employees: 8 spaces. All Spaces are open,
                 non-reserved and are on a first-come first serve basis unless otherwise designated.

Section 24.4     Tenant’s Real Estate Broker:
                         Cortland Lowe III
                         HPI Corporate Services, LLC
                         3700 North Capital of Texas Highway, Suite 420
                         Austin, TX 78746

                                                                              A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                            January 1, 2022
Landlord’s Real Estate Broker:
                         Kyle M. Gillman
                         Commercial Property Services
                         2011 Alegria Rd.
                         Austin, TX 78757

Section 24.6     Tenant’s Address for Notices:
                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                         Attn: Alicyn Yarbrough
                         3103 Bee Caves Rd., Suite 201
                         Austin, TX 78746

                 Landlord’s Address for Notices:
                        Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                        P.O. Box 163111
                        Austin, TX 78716-3111
                        Attn: Kyle Gillman

                 with a copy to:
                          Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                          P.O. Box 10010
                          Midland, TX 79702
                          Attn: Donald H. Judson, President

                 And to:
                           Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                           2011 Alegria Rd
                           Austin, TX 78757
                           Attn: Kyle Gillman


Certain information relating to the Lease, including many of the principal economic terms, are set forth in the
foregoing Basic Lease Information. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the
Basic Lease Information and the terms of the Lease, the terms of the Lease shall control.




                                                                        A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                      January 1, 2022
                 LEASE AGREEMENT

                           Between

                  Bee Cave Properties, Inc.

                         as Landlord

                             and
A Glimmer of Hope Foundation, A Texas 501(c)(3) Corporation,

                          as Tenant



                      January 1, 2022




                                              A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                            January 1, 2022
                                              LEASE AGREEMENT



THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (the “Lease”) is made as of the 1st day of January, 2022 , by and between Bee
Cave Properties, Inc., A Texas Corporation, (“Landlord”), and A Glimmer of Hope Foundation, , a Texas
Corporation (“Tenant”).

                                                   RECITALS:

A.      Landlord is the owner of an office building (the “Building”) located at 3103 Bee Caves Rd.,
        Rollingwood, Texas. The land on which the Building is located is known as Centre One Office Building
        (the “Land”). The Land, the Building and all other improvements thereon and the common areas and
        appurtenances thereto are collectively referred to herein as the “Property.” The legal description of
        the property is: Lot One (1), Block One (1), Amended Plat of the Corners, a subdivision of the City of
        Rollingwood, Travis County, Texas, according to the Map or Plat record in Volume 82, Page 218, Plat
        Records of Travis County, Texas.
B.      Tenant desires to hire and lease space in the Building, and Landlord is willing to demise and lease
        space in the Building to Tenant, upon the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements set forth
        herein.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the covenants and agreements herein set forth, and
other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto, intending legally to be bound, hereby covenant and
agree as set forth below.

                                                 ARTICLE 1
                                                THE PREMISES

SECTION 1.1       Premises
(a)      Landlord hereby demises and leases to Tenant and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord, for the term
and upon the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements herein provided, Suite 201 , located on the first
(1st) floor of the Building, which space consists of approximately 2,175 square feet of rentable area as
determined by agreement of the parties (such space being hereinafter referred to as the “Premises”),
determined in accordance with the BOMA International Standard of Floor Measurement. The Premises shall
not be subject to any remeasurement. The actual square footage shall not affect the fixed rental hereunder or
any other rent or sum payable hereunder, or any other provision of this Lease, should any variance be found
to exist between said agreed-upon square footage and actual square footage. The Premises is the unshaded
area on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof.

(b)      The lease of the Premises includes the right, together with other tenants of the Building and their
employees and business invitees, to use the common public areas of the Building for their intended use and
subject to the other provisions of this Lease but includes no other rights not specifically set forth herein.


                                                   ARTICLE 2
                                                  LEASE TERM

SECTION 2.1       Term
(a)       The term of this Lease (“Lease Term”) shall commence on the Lease Commencement Date (as
hereinafter defined) as determined pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and shall end at 11:59 p.m., local time, on
(i) the day preceding the sixth (6th) year, 1st month after the Lease Commencement Date, if the Lease
Commencement Date occurs on the first day of a month, or (ii) the last day of the month which includes the
fifth (5th) year, 12th month of the anniversary of the Lease Commencement Date, if the Lease
Commencement Date occurs on a day which is other than on the first day of a month, unless the Lease Term is
terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Lease. If there is any renewal or extension of the
Lease Term, then the defined term “Lease Term” shall include any renewal or extension term.
(b)     As used herein, the first “Lease Year” shall mean the period commencing on the Lease
Commencement Date and continuing for any partial calendar month in which the Lease Commencement Date
occurs and for twelve (12) full calendar months thereafter. Each successive twelve (12) month period
thereafter during the Term shall constitute a subsequent “Lease Year,” except that the last Lease Year shall
end on the expiration of this Lease.

(c)      If Landlord is unable to give possession of the Premises because a certificate of occupancy or its
equivalent has not been issued, or because of the holding over or non-vacating of any other tenant or
occupant of the Premises, or if repairs to or improvements of the Premises are not completed, or for any
other reason, then, except as may be expressly stated elsewhere in this Lease, Landlord shall not be subject to
any liability for the failure to give possession and no such failure to give possession shall in any other respect
affect the validity of this Lease or the obligations of Tenant, nor shall the same extend the Lease Term.

SECTION 2.2      Lease Commencement Date


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
(a)      The Lease Commencement Date shall be the later of January 1, 2022 or the date on which
Landlord substantially completes the initial Tenant Improvement Work in the Premises in accordance with
Exhibit E attached hereto,. Landlord shall grant Tenant and its contractors access to the Premises for two (2)
weeks prior to the Commencement Date to install any of Tenant’s equipment, furniture, inventory, trade
fixtures and other personal property . Tenant’s access shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this
Lease; provided, however, except for the cost of services requested by Tenant, Tenant shall not be required to
pay Fixed Rent.
(b)       It is presently anticipated that the Premises will be ready for occupancy by Tenant on or about
January 1, 2022 ; provided, however, if Landlord is unable for any reason to deliver possession of the
Premises by such date, Landlord shall not have any liability whatsoever to Tenant on account of Landlord’s
inability to deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant, and this Lease shall not be rendered void or
voidable as a result of such delay; provided, however, if the Lease Commencement Date shall have not
occurred by February 28, 2022, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease upon written
notice to Landlord and receive a return of the security deposit and any prepaid rent.
(c)      Promptly after the Lease Commencement Date, Landlord and Tenant, upon the request of either, shall
execute a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, setting forth the Lease Commencement Date and
the date on which the Lease Term shall expire.

SECTION 2.3      Extension Option

(a)      Provided no uncured event of default under this Lease has occurred [and is continuing beyond any
applicable notice and/or cure period] at the time notice is given or at the expiration of the initial Term and
that Tenant is in occupancy of the Premises at the expiration of the initial Term, Tenant shall have the right
and option, exercisable by giving written notice thereof at least six (6) months but not more than nine
(9) months prior to the expiration of the initial Term, to extend the Term for one (1) period of five (5)
years at 95% of the then current market rate. However, either party shall, upon the request of the other,
execute and deliver a document evidencing such extension; the failure or refusal of a party to execute and
deliver such a document shall not affect the effectiveness of the exercise of the extension. In the event that
Tenant fails to give such notice to Landlord as herein provided, this Lease shall automatically terminate at the
end of the initial Lease Term, and Tenant shall have no further right or option to extend this Lease.

(b)     The extended Lease Term shall be upon the same covenants, agreements, provisions, terms and
conditions as the initial Lease Term, except that Tenant shall have no further options to renew or extend the
Lease Term and that Fixed Annual Rent during the extended Lease Term shall be as follows:

OPTION FOR FAIR MARKET RENT
          For the first Lease Year of the extended Lease Term, fixed annual rent shall equal 95% of the fair
market rental value of the Premises as of the commencement date of the extended Lease Term. [NTD: WHAT
IS RENT FOLLOWING THE FIRST YEAR OF THE RENEWAL] Fair market rental value shall be determined
with reference to all then-relevant factors, including (without limitation) the average or normal value being
achieved by landlords in lease renewals entered into with private sector tenants for comparable space in
comparable buildings in equally desirable locations in the market in which the Building is located, assuming
operating expense and real estate tax pass-throughs and fixed increases corresponding to those contained in
this Lease (if any) and current tenant concessions or inducements (abated rent, tenant improvement
dollars, etc.), if any, then being offered in the market. If the parties cannot agree on the fair market rental
value within sixty (60) days after Tenant gives notice of extension, the fair market rental value shall be
determined by the “Three Broker Method.” The Three Broker Method, used to determine fair market rental
value, shall be applied as follows. Either Landlord or Tenant (the “First Party”) may initiate a determination
of the fair market rental value by delivering written notice to the other (the “Second Party”) of the name of a
licensed real estate broker who has at least five (5) years of experience as a broker or for the leasing of office
space in the market in which the Building is located. Within ten (10) days after receipt of such notice, the
Second Party shall name a licensed real estate broker who meets the same criteria by written notice to the
First Party. If the Second Party fails to name such a broker or salesman within such period, then the fair
market rental value established by the broker named by the First Party shall be the rental. If the Second Party
does name such a broker, then within ten (10) days the two brokers shall together appoint a third licensed
broker or salesman who meets the same criteria, and within an additional fifteen (15) days, the three brokers
or salesmen shall jointly determine the fair market rental value, which shall be the rental. Each broker or
salesman shall consider all components of this Lease. If the three brokers or salesmen cannot agree to a fair
market rental value, the average of the determinations of the brokers or who are closest to each other shall be
binding and conclusive (or, if the middle broker or salesman is exactly midway between the other two, the
middle determination shall be binding and conclusive). Each party shall pay all costs, fees and expenses of the
broker selected by it, and the Tenant shall pay the costs, fees and expenses of the third broker.

(c)     The extension option granted in this Section is personal to the original named Tenant and may be
exercised only by it.


                                                   ARTICLE 3
                                                     RENT


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
SECTION 3.1      Fixed Rent

  Annual Fixed (Base)         Annual (Fixed)          Monthly Fixed      Monthly Addnl Rent for       Total Monthly
  Rental Rate per RSF       Base Rent (Dollars)        (Base) Rent       Operating Expenses**              Rent

 $              22.00   $             47,850.00   $           3,987.50   $             2,628.13   $           6,615.63
 $              22.75   $             49,481.25   $           4,123.44   $             2,628.13   $           6,751.57
 $              23.50   $             51,112.50   $           4,259.38   $             2,628.13   $           6,887.51
 $              24.25   $             52,743.75   $           4,395.31   $             2,628.13   $           7,023.44
 $              25.00   $             54,375.00   $           4,531.25   $             2,628.13   $           7,159.38

 ** This is subject to change upon reconcilation and adjustment.
    Using $14.50 as starting Operating Expenses.

(a)     Tenant shall pay to Landlord as “Fixed Annual Rent” for each Lease Year for the Premises, without
        notice,set-off, counterclaim, deduction or demand, the following amounts, subject to adjustment as
        provided in Section 3.2 hereof:

(b)     Fixed Annual Rent shall be payable in equal monthly installments beginning on the Lease
        Commencement Date and thereafter monthly, in advance, on the first day of each month during the
        Lease Term (each such monthly installment being referred to herein as “Fixed Monthly Rent”).
        Concurrently with the signing of this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord a sum equal to one (1)
        month’s Fixed Monthly Rent, which sum shall be credited by Landlord against the Fixed Monthly
        Rent due for the first (1st) full calendar month of the Lease Term for which Fixed Annual Rent is
        payable.

(c)     If the Lease Commencement Date is a date other than the first day of a month, rent from such date
        until the first day of the following month shall be prorated at the rate of one-thirtieth (1/30th) of the
        Fixed Monthly Rent for each day and shall be payable on the Rent Commencement Date.

SECTION 3.2        Late Payment; Interest Charge
If Tenant fails to make any payment of rent or other charge before the 3rd Day after such payment is due
and payable, Tenant shall pay to Landlord a late charge of five percent (5%) of the amount of such payment
(provided, such late charge shall not be applicable to the 1st late payment in any Lease Year. Such late charges
shall constitute additional rent due hereunder, shall be paid within five (5) days after written demand
therefor by Landlord and shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided to Landlord in this
Lease.

SECTION 3.3        Rent Generally
As used in this Lease, “rent” includes all Fixed Annual Rent, Fixed Monthly Rent, adjustments thereto under
Section 3.2, all sums payable under Article 4, all additional rent and all other sums due to Landlord under this
Lease, however called All rent payable by Tenant shall be paid to Landlord in lawful money of the United
States of America by wire transfer to such account as Landlord may designate from time to time or at the
office of Landlord or to such other party or to such other address as Landlord may designate from time to
time by written notice to Tenant. Unless specifically stated otherwise in this Lease, all rent payable under this
Lease shall be paid in full by Tenant, in advance, without notice or demand and without set-off, deduction,
recoupment, abatement, counterclaim or adjustment of any kind. Tenant’s covenant to pay rent is an
independent covenant. If Landlord shall at any time or times accept rent to which Landlord is entitled
hereunder after the same shall become due and payable, such acceptance shall not excuse a delay upon
subsequent occasions, or constitute, or be construed as, a waiver of any or all of Landlord’s rights hereunder.
Tenant’s obligation for the payment of rent shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.


                                               ARTICLE 4
                                  ADDITIONAL RENT – Begins January 1, 2022

SECTION 4.1      Increases in Annual Operating Charges, Increases in Insurance, and Increases in Real
                 Estate Taxes

(a)     Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant’s proportionate share of the Annual Operating Charges (as
hereinafter defined) incurred by Landlord in the operation of the Property during each Operating Year. For
purposes of this Section 4.1(a), Tenant’s proportionate share of shall be an agreed upon percentage equal to
5.48 %[a percentage equal to the rentable square footage of the Premises divided by the rentable square
footage of [the office space in] the Building]. As used in this Lease, an “Operating Year” is the period beginning
on January 1 and ending on the next December 31, both dates inclusive, or any portion of such period.


(b)     Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant’s proportionate share of the Property and Liability Insurance –
including Umbrella Liability Insurance (as hereinafter defined) incurred by Landlord in the operation of the


                                                                             A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                           January 1, 2022
Property during each Operating Year. For purposes of this Section 4.1(a), Tenant’s proportionate share of
shall be an agreed upon percentage equal to 5.48 %)[a percentage equal to the rentable square footage of
the Premises divided by the rentable square footage of [the office space in] the Building].
(c)     Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant’s proportionate share of the Real Estate Taxes (as hereinafter
defined) actually paid by Landlord during each Operating Year. For purposes of this Section 4.1(c), Tenant’s
proportionate share shall be [an agreed upon percentage equal to 5.48 %[a percentage equal to the
rentable square footage of the Premises divided by the rentable square footage of the Building].

(d)    The Current Estimated Operating Expenses (Total of 4.1(a)-(c)) for 2022 is $14.50 per
rentable square foot annually, or $2,628.13 monthly).



SECTION 4.2       Annual Operating Charges, Insurance, and Real Estate Taxes Defined
(a)      The “Annual Operating Charges” are defined as the sum of all reasonable and customary costs and
expenses incurred by or on behalf of Landlord in operating, owning, managing, securing and maintaining the
Property or any part thereof including, without limitation, all costs and expenses of: operating, equipping,
maintaining, repairing, replacing, policing, painting and cleaning the lighting, electrical, plumbing, hydraulic,
mechanical, heating, ventilating and air-conditioning, signage, and access control equipment for or of the
Property; salaries, fringe benefits and other compensation, however denominated, of all personnel directly
engaged in operating and maintaining the Property up to the level of property manager (including, but not
limited to, health, accident and group life insurance and the cost of uniforms, equipment and employment
taxes); alarm systems; elevators; storage, removal and other costs associated with debris; costs and expenses
of inspecting and depreciation of machinery and equipment used in the operation and maintenance of the
Property; the cost of all capital expenditures (i) required to comply with laws enacted after the date of
this Lease, or (ii) made for the purpose of reducing Operating Expenses, as determined pursuant to
generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, made in connection with the Building
or Property or any equipment therein or thereon, all amortized on a straight line basis over the
useful life of the asset, with interest accruing on the unamortized portion equal to Landlord’s then
applicable borrowing rate. and only that portion attributable to an Operating Year shall be included
for such Operating Year; repair or replacement of awnings, paving, curbs, walkways, interior and exterior
landscaping, drainage, pipes, ducts, conduits and similar items, lighting facilities and the roof;, and the
maintenance and repair of such equipment; all reasonable costs and expenses associated with Landlord’s
management office not to exceed [____sf], Landlord’s storage areas and other management facilities in the
Building and the equipment therein as related to the management of the Property; lobby attendant (if
any) and concierge (if any); energy management services, maintenance contracts, window cleaning, snow
removal, janitorial service and trash removal; sales and/or use taxes levied on any rent; personal property
taxes on equipment and supplies used in connection with the Property; costs of continuing education and
professional and trade association dues for Building management staff; recycling expenses; the costs of any
additional reasonable services not provided to the Property at the Lease Commencement Date but thereafter
provided by Landlord; cost of water and sewer services incident to general building use (any excessive use by
Tenant being subject to the payment of Additional Rent pursuant to Section 15.1); parcel pick-up and delivery
services; any costs and expenses of compliance with legal requirements as associated with the professional
management of the Property as it benefits all tenants of the Property; legal fees as associated with the
professional management of the Property as it benefits all tenants of the property and not recovered
from other parties; accounting fees; fair market management fees and costs paid to the management
company managing the Property; fulfillment of Landlord’s obligations under one or more public space
agreements with a governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Building and under easements,
covenants and cost-sharing agreements; and any costs, charges and expenses, in addition to those set forth in
this definition, which according to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and practice would be
regarded as costs to operate, own, manage, insure, secure or maintain the Property.

(b)      If the Building is less than ninety five percent (95%) occupied during any Operating Year or part
thereof, Annual Operating Charges shall include all additional costs and expenses of operation, management,
insuring, securing and maintenance of the Property which Landlord determines that it would have paid or
incurred during such Operating Year if the Building had been ninety five percent (95%) occupied.

(c)      Notwithstanding Section 4.2(a), Annual Operating Charges shall not include the following: (i) legal
fees, space planners’ fees, real estate brokers’ leasing commissions and advertising expenses incurred in
connection with the original or future leasing of space in the Building or any claims or suits between
Landlord and other tenants; (ii) costs and expenses of construction of capital expenditures, as
determined pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, made in
connection with the Building or Property or any equipment therein or thereon, except for those (i)
required to comply with laws enacted after the date of this Lease, and (ii) made for the purpose of
reducing Operating Expenses, to the extent of the savings realized; all amortized on a straight line
basis over the useful life of the asset, with interest accruing on the unamortized portion equal to
Landlord’s then applicable borrowing rate. Tenant Improvements in the Premises or the leasehold
premises of other individual tenants to prepare them for occupancy by the tenant thereof; (iii) depreciation
and interest and principal payments on mortgages and other debt costs, if any, other than amortization of and
the interest factor attributable to capital expenditures (iv) costs and expenses associated with the operation
of the business of the person or entity which constitutes Landlord as the same are distinguished from the


                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
costs of operation of the Property, including accounting and legal matters with respect to same; (v) costs of
selling or financing any of Landlord’s interest in the Property; (vi) income, excess profits, franchise taxes
(with the exception of that part of the Margin (Franchise) Tax that was substituted for School
Property Tax Reduction) or other such taxes imposed on or measured by the net income of Landlord from
the operation of the Building; (vii) costs incurred by Landlord for the repair of damage to the Building to the
extent that Landlord is reimbursed for same by insurance proceeds or any other source; (viii) the costs of
special services and utilities separately chargeable to individual tenants of the Building; (ix) the cost of
Landlord personnel or facilities which do not directly relate to the management of the Building,.
There will be a cap of 5% per year, non-cumulative for controllable operating expenses. Non-
controllable expenses are not capped.

(d)       “Insurance” means the all insurance whatsoever, including, without limitation, property insurance,
liability insurance, umbrella liability insurance, liability insurance for personal injury, death and property
damage (including, without limitation, to Landlord’s personal property), insurance against terrorism, fire,
extended coverage, theft or other casualties, worker’s compensation insurance covering personnel, fidelity
bonds for personnel, insurance against liability for defamation and claims of false arrest occurring in the
Building or on and about the Property, rent loss insurance, sprinkler leakage insurance, and plate glass
insurance; all supplies and materials; maintenance, repair and replacement of all exterior glass.

(e)       “Real Estate Taxes” means the total of all real estate taxes, business improvement district
assessments, ad valorem taxes, transit taxes and other assessments and charges (including payments in lieu
of taxes), general and special, ordinary and extraordinary, foreseen or unforeseen, assessed, levied, or
imposed upon the Building or the Land which are actually paid during the Operating Year in question;
provided, however, if any assessment is payable in installments, Real Estate Taxes for any Operating Year
shall include only the installments payable in such Operating Year. Real Estate Taxes shall also include legal
costs and other costs and expenses incurred in any appeal of the tax assessment upon which such Real Estate
Taxes are based, whether or not such appeal is successful. Such costs and expenses shall be included in Real
Estate Taxes for the Operating Year for which appeal is made without regard to the date such costs are
actually incurred.
SECTION 4.3       Statement of Annual Operating Charges
Except as provided in Section 4.4, Landlord shall submit to Tenant each year a statement setting forth the
respective amounts payable by Tenant pursuant to this Article for the preceding Operating Year for increases
in Annual Operating Charges, increases in Annual Insurance Premiums, and for increases in Real Estate Taxes
(the “Annual Statement”). Within thirty (30) days after receipt of such statement, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord or shall be reimbursed the amount shown thereon, as applicable. For all purposes under this
Article, Tenant’s liability for increases in Annual Operating Charges, Tenant’s liability for increases in
Insurance Premiums and Tenant’s liability for increases in Real Estate Taxes shall each be calculated
separately from and payable in addition to one another.


SECTION 4.4         Installment Payments; Proration
(a)       In lieu of accepting from Tenant one (1) annual payment for Tenant’s proportionate share of the
increase in the Annual Operating Charges, one (1) annual payment for Tenant’s proportionate share of the
increase in Insurance Premiums and one (1) annual payment for Tenant’s proportionate share of the increase
in Real Estate Taxes, Landlord shall have the right, from time to time, to require Tenant to make estimated
monthly payments on account of the respective amounts Tenant will be obligated to pay pursuant to this
Article for each Operating Year falling entirely or partly within the Lease Term. If Landlord exercises such
right, Landlord shall submit to Tenant a statement setting forth Landlord’s estimate of each of the respective
amounts Tenant will be obligated to pay pursuant to this Article for the Operating Year in question, which
estimates may be revised by Landlord from time to time during the Operating Year, and Tenant shall pay to
Landlord on the first (1st) day of each month following receipt of such statement during such Operating Year
an amount (separately calculated and payable for each of the estimated increase in Annual Operating
Charges, Insurance Premiums and the estimated increase in Real Estate Taxes) equal to such respective
estimated amount multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one (1) and denominator of which is the
number of months during such Operating Year which fall within the Lease Term and follow the date of the
foregoing statement. After the expiration of such Operating Year, Landlord shall submit to Tenant a statement
showing Tenant’s proportionate share of the increase in the Annual Operating Charges incurred during such
Operating Year, Tenant’s proportionate share of the increase in Insurance Premiums and Tenant’s
proportionate share of the increase in Real Estate Taxes for such Operating Year, and the respective aggregate
amount of the estimated payments made by Tenant on account of each of the increase in Annual Operating
Charges , Insurance Premiums and the increase in Real Estate Taxes. If the aggregate amount of such
estimated payments paid by Tenant for the increase in Annual Operating Charges exceeds Tenant’s actual
liability for such increase, Landlord shall credit such excess to Tenant’s account, subject to Section 4.4(d)
below, to be applied to the installment(s) of Tenant’s proportionate share of such increases next coming due
from Tenant. If Tenant’s actual liability for such increase in the Annual Operating Charges exceeds the
estimated payments made by Tenant on account thereof, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord the total amount
of such deficiency within thirty (30) days Landlord notifies Tenant in writing of such deficiency. If Tenant’s
actual liability for such increase in Insurance Premiums exceeds the estimated payments made by Tenant on
account thereof, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord the total amount of such deficiency within thirty (30) days
Landlord notifies Tenant in writing of such deficiency. If the aggregate amount of such estimated payments


                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
paid by Tenant for the increase in Annual Operating Charges, Insurance Premiums and Real Estate Taxes
exceeds Tenant’s actual liability for such increase, Landlord shall credit such excess to Tenant’s account,
subject to Section 4.4(d), to be applied to the installment(s) of Tenant’s proportionate share of such increases
next coming due from Tenant. If Tenant’s actual liability for such increase in Real Estate Taxes exceeds the
estimated payments made by Tenant on account thereof, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord the total amount
of such deficiency within thirty (30) days Landlord notifies Tenant in writing of such deficiency.

(b)        In the event the Lease Term commences or expires during an Operating Year, then each of the
increase in the Annual Operating Charges to be paid by Tenant for such Operating Year, increase in Insurance
Premiums and the increase in Real Estate Taxes to be paid by Tenant for such Operating Year shall be
determined by multiplying the amount of Tenant’s respective proportionate share thereof for the full
Operating Year by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during such Operating Year falling
within the Lease Term, and the denominator of which is 365. At least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the
Lease Term, Landlord may present to Tenant a written statement containing an estimate of the amounts
Tenant would be obligated to pay under this Article if the actual Annual Operating Charges and the actual
Real Estate Taxes for the Operating Year had been determined. Tenant shall be required to pay such
estimated amounts, to the extent not already paid by Tenant, on or before the last day of the Lease Term, and
if all or any portion of the payments are not made, Landlord shall be entitled to deduct such amount from the
Security Deposit, if any. Once the Annual Operating Charges, Insurance Premiums and the Real Estate Taxes
for the last Operating Year of the Lease Term have been determined, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a
statement of the actual increase in Annual Operating Charges, Insurance Premiums and the actual increase in
Real Estate Taxes for which Tenant is liable. If Tenant owes an additional amount, such amount is due on or
before thirty (30) days after receipt of the statement. If Tenant is entitled to a refund, Landlord shall have
thirty (30) days from the date of the statement within which to remit payment to Tenant, subject to Section
4.4(d).

(c)      The parties’ obligation to reconcile increases in Annual Operating Charges, Insurance Premiums and
Real Estate Taxes shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease and for a period of one (1) year
from issuance of the original statement and shall be applicable even if no estimated statement is provided
under Section 4.4(a). Notwithstanding any dispute which may arise in connection with the computation or
estimate of the amount due under this Article, Tenant shall be obligated to pay the amount specified by
Landlord, without set-off, recoupment, abatement, counterclaim, adjustment or deduction of any kind,
pending the resolution of any dispute.
(d)      In the event Tenant is in default under this Lease at the time any credit or payment is otherwise to be
made to Tenant under this Section, Landlord may offset against such credit or payment to compensate it for
any amount owed by Tenant or for damage incurred or that may be incurred by Landlord as a consequence of
said default.

(e)      Tenant shall have the right to inspect (but not copy) Landlord’s books and records which contain the
Annual Operating Charges information at a place reasonably designated by Landlord (in the Austin, Texas
area) and at reasonable times , if written notice is given to Landlord not later than sixty (60) days following
Tenant’s receipt of the Annual Statement. If the parties are unable to resolve any disagreement regarding
Annual Operating Charges by negotiation within thirty (30) days following Tenant’s notice to Landlord,
Landlord and Tenant shall mutually agree upon and cause a qualified and nationally recognized independent
certified public accountant (to be paid on an hourly and not a contingency fee basis) to make a determination
with respect to the disputed Annual Operating Charges. Such determination shall be limited to the Annual
Operating Charges that Tenant is disputing. In the event the determination discloses overcharges to Tenant
of more than three percent (3%) of the actual amount of Annual Operating Charges owed by Tenant for the
applicable year, the expenses of Tenant’s audit (including the costs of the independent certified public
accountant) shall be at the expense of Landlord; if such audit and determination discloses no errors or an
error which equals or is less than three percent (3%) of the actual amount of Annual Operating Charges owed
by Tenant for the applicable year, the full costs of the audit shall be at the sole cost and expense of Tenant
SECTION 4.5       Additional Taxes or Governmental Charges
In the event that any business, rent, sales, use or other taxes, or any governmental charges that are now or
hereafter levied upon Tenant’s use or occupancy of the Premises or Tenant’s business at the Premises are
charged, enacted, changed or altered so that any of such taxes are levied against Landlord, or the mode of
collection of such taxes is changed so that Landlord is responsible for collection or payment of such taxes,
Tenant shall pay any and all such taxes to Landlord upon written demand from Landlord.

SECTION 4.6       Change In or Contest of Real Estate Taxes
In the event of any change by any taxing body in the period or manner in which any of the Real Estate Taxes
are levied, assessed or imposed, Landlord shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to make equitable
adjustments with respect to computing increases in Real Estate Taxes. Real Estate Taxes which are being
contested by Landlord shall be included in computing Tenant’s proportionate share of the increases in Real
Estate Taxes under this Article, but if Tenant shall have paid additional rent on account of contested Real
Estate Taxes and Landlord thereafter receives a refund of such taxes, Tenant shall receive a credit toward
subsequent rent payments in an amount equal to Tenant’s
proportionate share of such refund, net of the cost of obtaining such a refund.

                                                 ARTICLE 5
                                             SECURITY DEPOSIT


                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
SECTION 5.1       Definition
Simultaneously with the execution of this Lease, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the sum of $ 6,615.63
as a security deposit. Landlord shall not be required to maintain the Security Deposit in a separate account.
The Security Deposit shall not earn interest unless required by applicable law. The Security Deposit shall be
security for the performance by Tenant of all of Tenant’s obligations, covenants, conditions and agreements
under this Lease.


SECTION 5.2       Application
In the event of any default by Tenant hereunder during the Lease Term, Landlord shall have the right, but
shall not be obligated, to use, apply or retain the actual amount of any monetary default after all notice and
cure periods have expired, of the Security Deposit for (a) the payment of any rent as to which Tenant is in
default, or (b) the payment of any amount which Tenant may be obligated to pay to repair physical damage to
the Premises or the Building pursuant to this Lease, or (c) the payment of any amount which Tenant may be
obligated to pay for the compensation to Landlord for any losses incurred by reason of Tenant’s default,
including, but not limited to, any damage or deficiency arising in connection with the reletting of the
Premises. If any portion of the Security Deposit is so used or applied, then within three (3) business days after
written notice to Tenant of such use or application, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord cash in an amount
sufficient to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount, and Tenant’s failure to do so shall constitute a
default under this Lease. The Security Deposit is not a measure of damages or liquidated damages, and
Landlord’s use of the Security Deposit is not a waiver of its other rights and remedies. Provided Tenant is not
in default hereunder, Landlord shall return the Security Deposit to Tenant, less such portion thereof as
Landlord shall have applied or be entitled to apply to satisfy any default by Tenant hereunder, after the last to
occur of the making of the payment of the final Operating Year’s increase in Annual Operating Charges,
Insurance Premiums and/or Real Estate Taxes under Section 4.4(b), or within forty-five (45) days, but in no
event later than sixty (60) days following the later to occur of the expiration of the Lease Term or the vacating
and surrendering of the Premises by Tenant to Landlord.

SECTION 5.3       Third Parties
In the event of the sale or transfer of Landlord’s interest in the Building, Landlord shall transfer the Security
Deposit to the transferee of Landlord’s interest, in which event Tenant shall look only to the new landlord for
the return of the security deposit, and the transferor Landlord shall thereupon be released from all liability to
Tenant for the return of the Security Deposit. Tenant hereby acknowledges that Tenant will not look to the
holder of any Mortgage (defined in Article 21hereof) encumbering the Building or the Property for return of
the Security Deposit if such holder or its successors or assigns shall succeed to the ownership of the Building
or Property whether by foreclosure or deed in lieu thereof, except if and to the extent the Security Deposit is
actually received by such holder.

                                                   ARTICLE 6
                                                     USE

SECTION 6.1        Permitted Use
Tenant shall use and occupy the Premises solely for general office purposes and for no other use or purpose.
Tenant shall not use or occupy the Premises for any unlawful purpose or in any manner that will constitute
waste, nuisance or unreasonable annoyance to Landlord or other tenants of the Building. Tenant hereby
covenants to continuously operate in the Premises and to do so in a manner befitting a first-class operation in
a first-class building. The premises shall be used for storage only to the extent necessary for ancillary support
of their office operation.

SECTION 6.2       Compliance with Laws
(a)      Tenant shall comply with all present and future laws, statutes, ordinances (including zoning
ordinances and land use requirements), codes, rules, regulations, and orders of the United States of America
and any other public or quasi-public authority having jurisdiction over the Premises concerning the use,
occupancy, facilities in and condition of the Premises and all machinery, equipment, facilities, entrances
thereto, exits therefrom and furnishings therein (including, without limitation, any requirements for
structural changes). If any future law, statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, or order requires another
occupancy permit or other permit for the Premises, Tenant will obtain such permit at Tenant’s sole expense;
provided, however Landlord shall be responsible for any changes to the Building and/or Premises
required for Tenant to legally operate in the Premises in accordance with the Permitted Use,
including, without limitation, causing same to be in compliance with the American’s with Disabilities
Act. Tenant shall pay all costs, expenses, liabilities, losses, damages, fines, penalties, claims and demands,
including reasonable counsel fees, that may in any manner arise out of or be imposed because of the failure of
Tenant to comply with the covenants of this Section.

(b)       Tenant shall be responsible at its own cost for complying with the provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act or any similar Federal or State, county, municipal or other governing jurisdiction’s statute,
law, ordinance or code, as they may be amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations which may
be adopted thereunder from time to time, as the same may be applicable to any changes or Alterations Tenant
initiates to the Premises. Landlord’s approval of any Alteration or other act by Tenant shall not be deemed to
be a representation by Landlord that said Alteration or act complies with applicable law, and Tenant shall
remain solely responsible for said compliance.


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
SECTION 6.3      Trash Sorting
Tenant covenants and agrees, at its sole cost and expense: (a) to comply with all present and future laws,
orders and regulations of the Federal, State, county, municipal or other governing authorities, departments,
commissions, agencies and boards regarding the collection, sorting, separation, and recycling of garbage,
trash, rubbish and other refuse (collectively, “trash”); (b) to sort and separate its trash into such categories as
are provided by law; (c) that each separately sorted category of trash shall be placed in separate receptacles
as directed and provided by Landlord; (d) that Landlord reserves the right to refuse to collect or accept from
Tenant any trash that is not separated and sorted as required by law, and to require Tenant to arrange for
such collection at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, utilizing a contractor satisfactory to Landlord; and (e) that
Tenant shall pay all costs, expenses, fines, penalties or damages that may be imposed on Landlord or Tenant
by reason of Tenant’s failure to comply with the provisions of this Section.

SECTION 6.4       Environmental Laws
(a)      Tenant shall not use any portion or all of the Property for the use, generation, treatment, storage or
disposal of “toxic substances,” “contaminants,” “pollutants,” “hazardous materials,” “hazardous waste,”
“hazardous substances” or “oil” (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”), as such terms are defined under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq., as
amended, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., as amended, and any
and all other environmental statutes which regulate the use of hazardous and/or dangerous substances, and
the regulations promulgated thereunder and any and all state and local laws, statutes, codes, ordinances,
rules and regulations, without the express prior written consent of Landlord, and then only to the extent that
the presence and/or discharge of the Hazardous Materials is (i) properly licensed and approved by all
appropriate governmental officials and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and (ii) in
compliance with any terms and conditions stated in said prior written approval by Landlord.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may use such Hazardous Materials as are used for ordinary office
purposes in the ordinary course of Tenant’s business, provided that such use is in accordance with all
applicable statutes, laws, codes, ordinances, rules and regulations, and any manufacturer’s instructions.
Tenant shall be solely responsible for removing all such permitted Hazardous Materials from the Property at
Tenant’s sole cost and expense, and Landlord shall have no liability or obligation with respect thereto.
Notwithstanding the permitted use of certain Hazardous Materials, Tenant may not discharge any Hazardous
Materials except as provided by applicable statutes, laws, codes, ordinances, rules and/or regulations, and
specifically may not discharge any Hazardous Materials in any public sewer or any drain and/or drainpipe
leading or connected thereto. Tenant shall promptly give written notice to Landlord of any communication
received by Tenant from any governmental authority or other person or entity concerning any complaint,
investigation or inquiry regarding any use, generation, treatment, storage or disposal (or alleged use,
generation, treatment, storage or disposal) by Tenant of any Hazardous Materials. Landlord shall have the
right (but not the obligation) as an Operating Expense to conduct such investigations or tests (or both) as
Landlord shall deem necessary with respect to any such complaint, investigation or inquiry, and Tenant, at its
expense, shall take such action (or refrain from taking such action) as Landlord may request in connection
with such investigations and tests by Landlord.
(b)      The parties acknowledge that mold is a naturally occurring substance in many buildings and that
there are concerns about the effect of certain molds on health, even if there is no scientific evidence
supporting those fears. Landlord and Tenant represent and warrant to each other that neither has any actual
knowledge of mold in the Building. In the event that Tenant hereafter obtains actual knowledge of mold in the
Building or that Landlord hereafter obtains actual knowledge of mold in the Building and believes that such
mold could have an adverse effect on the health of any person of normal susceptibility in the Premises, the
party with such knowledge shall promptly notify the other party in writing. The parties shall then attempt in
good faith to address any health concerns relating thereto and ameliorate the same consistent with the then-
current state of scientific knowledge and industry standard in comparable buildings.
(c)      Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant shall not materially adversely affect
(as determined by Landlord) the indoor air quality of the Premises or the Building; without limiting the
preceding clause, it shall apply to (and take precedence over any other provision of this Lease concerning) the
use of the Premises, the type of equipment, furniture, furnishings, fixtures and personal property that may be
brought into the Premises, the construction materials used in the Tenant Improvements, the standard of
maintenance required for the Premises, and compliance with any smoking policy now or hereafter adopted
for the Building by Landlord or required by law.
(d)     This Section shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease.


                                                   ARTICLE 7
                                                   PARKING
Tenant agrees to abide by, and to cause anyone parking through Tenant to abide by, all rules and regulations
now or thereafter applicable to the parking. Tenant further agrees that, without limiting any other right or
remedy provided by this Lease or by applicable law, its rights under this Article may be revoked in the event
of any Event of Default under this Lease. Parking is on a first come first serve basis, provided, Tenant shall
have the right to use 1 unreserved parking space per 322 square feet in the Premises, or seven (7) unreserved
parking spaces. The only reserved parking is for the Bank for its retail customers, ADA Spaces, and Visitor



                                                                           A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                         January 1, 2022
Spaces. Landlord has the right to adjust the number and type of spaces, subject to the required ratio stated
herein and compliance with applicable law.

                                               ARTICLE 8
                                       ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

SECTION 8.1       Landlord’s Consent Required
(a)      Tenant shall not sell, assign, transfer, mortgage or otherwise encumber this Lease or its interest
therein (collectively “assign” or “assignment”) or sublet, rent or permit anyone to occupy the Premises, or any
part thereof (collectively “sublet”), without obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed . Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Lease may
not be assigned, and the Premises may not be sublet, to any person or entity who may claim the defense of
sovereign immunity or any similar defense. When Landlord’s “consent” is referenced herein, it shall refer to
both approval of the proposed assignee/subtenant and approval of the instrument of assignment/sublet and
any amendment thereof.
(b)      In no event may this Lease be assigned in part, nor may the Premises be subleased in part. No
assignment or sublet may be effectuated by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent
of Landlord as aforesaid. The consent of Landlord to any assignment or subletting, or the implementation of
any assignment or subletting that may be permitted hereunder without Landlord’s consent, shall not be
construed as a waiver or release of Tenant from liability for the performance of all covenants and obligations
to be performed by Tenant under this Lease, nor shall the collection or acceptance of rent from any assignee
or subtenant constitute a waiver or release of Tenant from any of its liabilities or obligations under this Lease,
and the assignor Tenant shall remain jointly and severally liable for the continued performance of Tenant’s
obligations. Tenant hereby waives all suretyship and similar technical defenses, including, without limitation,
defense arising from the amendment, renewal, termination or expiration of this Lease without its knowledge
or consent. Landlord’s consent to any assignment or subletting shall not be construed as relieving Tenant
from the obligation of obtaining Landlord’s prior written consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting.
If Tenant is in default hereunder, Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord the rent due from any subtenant of
Tenant and hereby authorizes each such subtenant to pay said rent directly to Landlord. The cost of any
construction required to permit the operation of any subleased space separate from the balance of the
Premises shall be an Alteration, and the cost thereof shall be borne solely by Tenant.

(c)      In all cases where Tenant seeks permission to take or do an act referred to in this Article, Tenant first
shall give Landlord five (5) days prior written notice enclosing a full and complete copy of the bona-fide
sublet, assignment or other agreement applicable to the proposed transaction and any processing fee
required hereunder.
(d)     Intentionally deleted.

(e)      In the event of any assignment or sublet, Tenant and Landlord shall split equally any excess rent after
all transaction cost are deducted.

(f)     Tenant shall be responsible for and agrees to pay (i) a non-refundable processing fee of $1,000.00
upon submission of a proposed sublet or assignment to Landlord and (ii) costs and expenses (up to but not
exceeding $1,500.00), including (without limitation) reasonable legal fees, incurred by Landlord in
connection with any actual, proposed or purported assignment or sublease, whether or not Landlord
consents thereto.
SECTION 8.2       Transfers of Interests in Tenant
If Tenant is a partnership or limited liability company, a withdrawal or change (whether by way of one or
more withdrawals or changes) — whether voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law — of partners or
members owning a controlling or majority interest in Tenant on the date hereof shall be deemed a voluntary
assignment of this Lease and subject to the provisions of Section 8.1. If Tenant is a corporation, any
dissolution, merger, consolidation or other reorganization of Tenant, or the sale or transfer (whether by way
of one or more sales or transfers) of a
controlling or majority interest of the capital stock of Tenant shall be deemed a voluntary assignment of this
Lease and subject to the provisions of Section 8.1. However, the preceding sentence shall not apply to
corporations whose stock is traded through a national or regional exchange or over-the-counter. It is
understood and agreed that a controlling interest for purposes of this Article may be less than a majority
interest.

                                               ARTICLE 9
                                        MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS

SECTION 9.1      Maintenance and Repairs
Tenant will keep and maintain the Premises and all fixtures and equipment located therein in a clean, safe
and sanitary condition, will take good care thereof and make all required repairs and replacements thereto
(whether structural or non-structural, foreseen or unforeseen), will suffer no waste or injury thereto, and
will, at the
expiration or other termination of the Lease Term, surrender the Premises, broom clean, in the same order
and condition they were in on the Lease Commencement Date unless otherwise directed by Landlord,


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
ordinary wear and tear and insured damage by the elements excepted. Landlord shall provide and install all
original tubes for Building standard lighting fixtures within the Premises and all replacement tubes for such
lighting as an Annual Operating Charge; all other bulbs, tubes and lighting fixtures for the Premises shall be
provided and installed by Tenant at Tenant’s cost and expense. This is includes any specialty fixtures
installed and/or tenant’s lamps or other bulbs. Landlord will replace all typical bulbs and include the
cost of the bulbs and install in the common maintenance charges.

SECTION 9.2      Landlord’s Maintenance and Repairs
Landlord shall maintain and keep in good repair the roof, foundation and exterior walls of the Building and
the Building heating, ventilating and air conditioning, plumbing, electrical and elevator systems and shall
make such repairs as become necessary after obtaining actual knowledge of the need for such repairs. The
costs will be paid by Owner and will be included under the Additional Rent Charges for Operating
Expenses as per and to the extent permitted under Article 4.

SECTION 9.3         Damage Caused by Tenant
All injury, breakage and damage to the Premises and to any other part of the Building caused by any act or
omission of Tenant or any agent, employee, subtenant, licensee, contractor, customer, client, family member
or invitee of Tenant, shall be repaired by and at the sole expense of Tenant, except that Landlord shall have
the right, at its sole option, to make such repairs and to charge Tenant for all costs and expenses (including a
market rate project management fee) incurred in connection therewith as additional rent hereunder. The
liability of Tenant for such costs and expenses shall be reduced by the amount of any insurance proceeds
received by Landlord on account of such injury, breakage or damage.

                                             ARTICLE 10
                                ALTERATIONS AND TENANT IMPROVEMENTS

SECTION 10.1 As-Is Condition of Premises
The Tenant Improvement Work (as defined in Exhibit E), if any, to be made to the Premises by Landlord to
make the Premises ready for Tenant’s use and occupancy or, in lieu thereof, the allowance, if any, to be
provided by Landlord toward such Tenant Improvement Work, shall be solely to the extent and subject to the
conditions set forth in Exhibit E (the “Work Letter”) attached to this Lease. Except as so provided in the Work
Letter, Tenant agrees to and shall lease the Premises in its “AS IS” condition as of the date of this Lease, and it
is understood and agreed that Landlord will not make or pay for, and is under no obligation to make or pay
for, any structural or
other alterations, decorations, additions or improvements in or to the Premises.

SECTION 10.2 Alterations
(a)      Except for the work, if any, to be performed by Tenant pursuant to the Work Letter (as to which the
Work Letter shall be controlling), Tenant will not make or permit anyone to make any alterations,
decorations, additions or improvements (herein referred to collectively as “Alterations”), structural or
otherwise, in or to the Premises or the Building without the prior written consent of Landlord. When granting
its consent, Landlord may impose any conditions it deems appropriate, including without limitation, the
approval of plans and specifications, approval of the contractor or other persons to perform the work, and the
obtaining of a performance bond in an amount specified by Landlord and specified insurance. All Alterations
permitted by Landlord must conform to all rules and regulations established from time to time by the Board
of Fire Underwriters having jurisdiction or any similar body exercising similar functions, and to all laws,
statutes, ordinances, codes, rules, regulations and requirements of the federal and/or state, county, municipal
or other applicable governments. Without limiting the foregoing, all cable installed by or for Tenant, whether
as part of the Tenant Improvement Work or as an Alteration, must be tagged per City of Rollingwood Code
with an identification tag or other distinguishing mark to clearly identify it as relating to Tenant and/or the
Premises, and Landlord must be given notice of the location of all such cable as and when it is installed. Both
as to any Tenant Improvement Work and any Alterations made thereafter, Tenant and Tenant’s contractors
shall abide by Landlord’s “Contractor Rules and Regulations” attached hereto as Exhibit D and any
modifications thereto by Landlord. Tenant can hang normal and customary things on walls in a manner
consistent with best practices. This includes artwork, television, etc. Tenant has the right to remove
these items and they will not be deemed as attachments and will not become the property of
Landlord.
(b)      As a condition precedent to such written consent of Landlord, Tenant agrees to obtain and deliver to
Landlord written, unconditional waivers of mechanic’s and materialmen’s liens against the Building and the
Land from all work, labor and services to be performed, and any materials supplied, in connection with any
Alterations. It is further understood and agreed that any Alterations, other than those made by Landlord
directly, shall be conducted on behalf of Tenant and not on behalf of Landlord, and that Tenant shall not be
deemed to be the agent of Landlord. It is further understood and agreed that in the event Landlord shall give
its written consent to the making of any Alterations, such written consent shall not be deemed to be an
agreement or consent by Landlord to subject its interest in the Premises, or any leasehold or other interest of
Tenant in the Premises, the Building or the Land, to any mechanic’s or materialmen’s liens which may be filed
in connection therewith. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any mechanic’s or materialmen’s lien is filed
against the Premises, Tenant’s interest therein, the Building and/or the Land for work claimed to have been
done for, or materials claimed to have been furnished to, the Premises or to Tenant, such lien shall be
discharged by Tenant within thirty (30) days after notice, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, by the payment
thereof or by the filing of a bond. If Tenant shall fail to discharge any such mechanic’s or materialmen’s lien,


                                                                           A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                         January 1, 2022
Landlord may, at its sole option, discharge such lien and treat the cost thereof (including attorney’s fees
incurred in connection therewith) as additional rent payable with the next Fixed Monthly Rent payment
falling due. It is expressly agreed that such discharge by Landlord shall not be deemed to waive or release
the default of Tenant in not discharging such lien.

SECTION 10.3 Indemnification for Tenant Improvement Work and Alterations
Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, actions,
proceedings, liens, liabilities, judgments, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys’ fees) based on or arising directly or indirectly by reason of the making of any Tenant Improvement
Work by Tenant or Alterations. If any Tenant Improvement Work or Alterations are made without the prior
written consent of Landlord, Landlord shall have the right to remove and correct such changes and to restore
the Premises and the Building to their condition immediately prior thereto, and Tenant shall be liable for all
expenses incurred by Landlord in connection therewith.

SECTION 10.4 Ownership and Removal at End of Lease Term
Tenant Improvement Work and Alterations to the Premises or the Building (except for personal property
solely owned by Tenant), made by either party shall immediately become the property of Landlord and shall
remain upon and be surrendered with the Premises as part thereof at the end of the Lease Term except that
(a) if Tenant is not in default under this Lease, Tenant shall have the right to remove, prior to the expiration of
the Lease Term, all movable furniture, furnishings and equipment installed in the Premises solely at the
expense of Tenant, and
(b)if such property of Tenant is not removed by Tenant prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease,
the same shall be deemed to have been abandoned by Tenant and shall be surrendered with the Premises as a
part thereof, which property may be retained by Landlord or disposed of at Tenant’s expense. Tenant’s
obligation to pay for any costs incurred by Landlord for the disposal of such abandoned property shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. Unless Landlord otherwise specifically agrees in
writing at or prior to the installation of the same, all data and communications cabling and equipment
installed in the Premises or the Building for the exclusive use of Tenant, originally installed by Tenant, shall
be removed by Tenant at its own cost and expense upon the expiration or termination of the Lease Term. All
damage and injury to the Premises or to the Building caused by such removal shall be repaired by Tenant, at
Tenant’s sole expense.

                                                    ARTICLE 11
                                                      SIGNS

Landlord, at Landlord’s sole cost, and in addition to Landlord’s improvement allowance described in
Exhibit E, shall provide standard vinyl signage at the entrance to the Premises, shall provide ADA
Signage at entrance to Suite, shall provide signage on both sides of both roadside monument signs,
and shall be listed on both directories of the Building, in accordance with Building standard
specifications. No sign, advertisement or notice shall be inscribed, painted, affixed or otherwise displayed by
Tenant on any part of the exterior or the interior of the Premises or the Building except on the directories and
the doors of offices and such other areas as are designated by Landlord. All signage, advertisements or notices
must be only in such place, number, size, color and style as are approved by Landlord in its sole and absolute
discretion. All of Tenant’s signs that are approved by Landlord shall be obtained by Tenant at its sole cost and
expense. Tenant may install specialty Suite signage consistent with that of other tenants in the
Building, and installed by Landlord. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for such amount above such
allowance upon written demand from Landlord. Landlord’s approval as to the design thereof which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. If any sign, advertisement or notice that has
not been approved by Landlord is exhibited or installed by Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to remove
the same at Tenant’s expense. Landlord shall have the right to prohibit any advertisement of or by Tenant
which in Landlord’s opinion tends to impair the reputation of the Building or its desirability as a high-quality
office building, and, upon written notice from Landlord, Tenant shall immediately refrain from and
discontinue any such advertisement. Landlord reserves the right to affix, install and display signs,
advertisements and notices on any part of the exterior or interior of the Building except in the Premises.
Landlord will provide the initial standard suite/tenant identification signage at the entry to the Leased
Premises and directory listings on the Building Directory. Tenant will be charged for any changes made to
the signage after the initial signage.

                                                 ARTICLE 12
                                             TENANT’S EQUIPMENT

SECTION 12.1 Electrical Capacity
Tenant will not install or operate in the Premises any electrically operated equipment or machinery exclusive
of building standard lighting, or anything other than normal office equipment and appliances, without first
obtaining the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may be withheld in Landlord’s sole and
absolute discretion. Tenant shall pay additional rent in compensation for the excess consumption of
electricity or other utilities (including, but not limited to, any excess utility, sales or other taxes and resultant
increases in electricity charges for the Building) and for the cost of any additional wiring or apparatus that
may be occasioned by the operation of such equipment or machinery.

SECTION 12.2 Other Infrastructure


                                                                            A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                          January 1, 2022
Tenant shall not install any equipment of any type or nature that will or may necessitate any changes,
replacement or additions to, or in the use of the water system, heating system, plumbing system, air-
conditioning system or electrical system of the Premises or in the Building, without first obtaining the prior
written consent of Landlord, which consent may be withheld in Landlord’s sole and absolute discretion. Any
machines and mechanical equipment belonging to Tenant which cause noise or vibrations that may be
transmitted to the structure of the Building or to any space therein to such a degree as to be objectionable to
Landlord or to any tenant in the Building shall be installed and maintained by Tenant, at Tenant’s expense, on
vibration eliminators or other devices sufficient to reduce such noise and vibration to a level satisfactory to
Landlord.

SECTION 12.4 Third Party Telecommunications Service Providers
Tenant shall be entitled to obtain telecommunications services from third party service Providers. Service
Providers will not be provided codes and/or keys to building common areas and/or main telephone closets.
Should service provider need into the main telephone closets, Tenant shall notify Landlord at least 24 hours
in advance.

                                                ARTICLE 13
                                         INSPECTIONS BY LANDLORD

Tenant shall permit Landlord or its agents or representatives, with reasonable notice, to enter the Premises,
at any time and from time to time, without charge therefor to Landlord and without diminution of the rent
payable by Tenant, to examine, inspect and protect the Premises and the Building, to make such alterations
and/or repairs as in Landlord’s sole judgment may be deemed necessary, or to exhibit the same to
prospective purchasers and Mortgagees and, or at any time following the initiation of any eviction proceeding
or during the last six months of the Lease, to exhibit the same to prospective tenants. In connection with
any such entry, Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the disruption to Tenant’s
use of the Premises, but Landlord shall not be required to perform any alterations or repairs or make any
entry at a time other than normal working hours.

                                                  ARTICLE 14
                                                  INSURANCE

SECTION 14.1 Tenant’s Insurance [NOTE TO CLIENT: PLEASE HAVE INSURANCE AGENT REVIEW,
THESE APPEAR REASONABLE]
Tenant covenants and agrees to procure at its expense on or before the Lease Commencement Date and to
keep in force during the Lease Term the following insurance naming Landlord, its management agent for the
Property (the “Building Manager”), any Mortgagee and/or ground lessor of the Building and/or the Land, and
Tenant as insured parties: (a) a commercial general liability insurance policy or such successor comparable
form of coverage in the broadest form then available (a “Liability Policy”) written on an “occurrence basis”
including, without limitation, blanket contractual liability coverage, business interruption, automobile, broad
form property damage, independent contractor’s coverage and personal injury coverage, protecting Landlord,
the Building Manager, such Mortgagee and/or ground lessor, and Tenant against any liability whatsoever
occasioned by any occurrence on or about the Premises or any appurtenances thereto; and (b) a fire and
other casualty policy (a “Fire Policy”) insuring all of the furniture, trade fixtures and other personal property
of Tenant located in the Premises against loss or damage by fire, theft and such other risks or hazard. Such
policies shall also insure against physical damage to the Premises arising out of an accident covered
thereunder; such policies are to be written by good and solvent insurance companies licensed to do business
in the jurisdiction in which the Building is located satisfactory to Landlord, shall have not less than a Best’s A+
10 rating and shall be in such limits and with such maximum deductibles as Landlord may reasonably require
from time to time. As of the date of this Lease, Landlord reasonably requires limits of liability under: (x) the
Liability Policy of not less than $1,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence for bodily or personal injury
(including death) and property damage combined; and (y) the Fire Policy equal to the value of Tenant’s
furniture, trade fixtures and other personal property with a deductible of no more than $1,000.00. Tenant
will furnish Landlord with such information as Landlord may reasonably request from time to time as to the
value of the items specified in clause (y) above within ten (10) days after request therefor. Such insurance
may be carried under a blanket policy covering the Premises and other locations of Tenant, if any, provided
that each such policy shall in all respects comply with this Article and shall specify (i) that the portion of the
total coverage of such policy that is allocated to the Premises is in the amounts required pursuant to this
Section and (ii) any sub-limits in such blanket policy and such policy shall also specify, or Tenant shall furnish
Landlord a written statement from the insurer under such policy, that the protection afforded Tenant under
any such blanket policy shall be no less than that which would have been afforded under a separate policy
relating only to the Premises. Prior to the time insurance under this Section is first required to be carried by
Tenant, and thereafter at least fifteen (15) days prior to the expiration date of any such policy, Tenant agrees
to deliver to Landlord an ACORD 27 certificate evidencing such insurance and payment of the premium
therefor. Said certificate shall contain an endorsement that such insurance may not be canceled or amended
except upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Landlord. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Lease, the carrying of insurance by Tenant in compliance with this Section shall not modify,
reduce, limit or impair Tenant’s obligations and liabilities under any and every indemnity by Tenant to
Landlord set forth in this Lease.

SECTION 14.2 Indemnity by Tenant


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
Tenant shall indemnify and defend Landlord and save it harmless from and against any and all claims, suits,
actions, proceedings, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising (i) from any act,
omission or negligence of Tenant or its officers, contractors, licensees, agents, employees, guests, invitees or
visitors in or about the Property, (ii) from Tenant’s use or occupancy of the Premises or the business
conducted by Tenant therein, (iii) from any breach or default under this Lease by Tenant, (iv) from, or
relating to, the enforcement by Landlord of the provisions of this Lease as against Tenant, or (v) from any
accident, injury or damage, caused by the negligent or willful act of Tenant, to any person or property,
occurring in or about the Building, the Premises or the Property. This provision shall not be construed to
make Tenant responsible for loss, damage, liability or expense resulting from injuries (or death) to third
parties to the extent caused solely and directly by the negligence of Landlord or its officers, contractors,
licensees, agents, employees or invitees or which occur in the common areas of the Property and which
are not caused by Tenant. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration or termination of
this Lease. This provision will apply equally as Indemnity of Landlord.

SECTION 14.3 Increases in Insurance Rates
Tenant shall not do or permit to be done any act or thing upon or about the Premises or the Property which
will (i) result in the assertion of any defense by the insurer to any claim under, (ii) invalidate, or (iii) be in
conflict with, the policies covering the Property, and fixtures and property therein, or which would increase
the rate of fire insurance applicable to the Property to an amount higher than it otherwise would be; and
Tenant shall neither do nor permit to be done any act or thing, upon or about the Property which shall or
might subject Landlord to any liability or responsibility for injury to any person or persons or to property;
but nothing in this Section shall prevent Tenant’s use of the Premises for the purposes stated in this Lease. If,
as a result of any act or omission by or on the part of Tenant or violation of this Lease by Tenant, whether or
not Landlord has consented to the same, the rate of “All Risk” or other type of insurance maintained by
Landlord on the Property shall be increased to an amount higher than it otherwise would be, Tenant shall
reimburse Landlord for all increases of Landlord’s insurance premiums so caused; such reimbursement to be
additional rent payable within five (5) days after demand therefor by Landlord. If, due to abandonment of or
failure to occupy the Premises by Tenant, any such insurance shall be canceled by the insurance carrier, then
Tenant hereby indemnifies Landlord against liability which would have been covered by such insurance. In
any action or proceeding wherein Landlord and Tenant are parties, a schedule or “make-up” of rates
for the Property or Premises issued by the body making fire insurance rates or established by the insurance
carrier providing coverage for the Property or Premises shall be presumptive evidence of the facts stated
therein, including the items and charges taken into consideration in fixing the “All Risk” insurance rate then
applicable to the Building or Premises.

SECTION 14.4 Notice of Accidents
Tenant shall give Landlord notice in case of crimes, solicitations, fire, accidents or other adverse incidents in
the Premises or the Building promptly after Tenant is aware of such event.
SECTION 14.5 Waiver of Subrogation
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, Tenant agrees that it will, at its sole cost
and expense, include in its property insurance policies appropriate clauses pursuant to which the insurance
companies (a) waive all right of subrogation against Landlord, and any Tenant of space in the Building, with
respect to losses payable under such policies, and (b) agree that such policies shall not be invalidated should
the insured waive in writing prior to a loss any or all right of recovery against any party for losses covered by
such policies. Tenant shall furnish Landlord evidence satisfactory to Landlord evidencing the inclusion of said
clauses in Tenant’s property insurance policies. Provided that Landlord’s right of full recovery under its
property insurance policies is not adversely affected or prejudiced thereby, Landlord hereby waives any and
all right of recovery which it might otherwise have against Tenant, its servants, agents and employees, for loss
or damage occurring to the Building and fixtures, appurtenances and equipment therein to the extent the
same would be covered by Landlord’s customary property and liability insurance policies,
notwithstanding that such loss or damage may result from the negligence or fault of Tenant, its servants,
employees or agents. Tenant hereby waives any and all claims, rights of recovery, actions and causes of action
which it might otherwise have against Landlord, its agents, servants and employees, and against every other
tenant in the Building which shall have executed a similar waiver as set forth in this Section, for damage to
the Premises, any Tenant Improvement Work or any Alterations, or for loss or damage to Tenant’s furniture,
furnishings, fixtures and other property, by reason of any cause required to be insured against under this
Lease, regardless of cause or origin, including the negligence or fault of Landlord, its servants, agents or
employees, or such other tenant or the servants, agents or employees thereof.

                                                 ARTICLE 15
                                           SERVICES AND UTILITIES

SECTION 15.1 Services and Utilities
(a)       Landlord shall furnish to the Premises during normal hours of operation of the Building air-
conditioning and heat during the seasons when they are required, as and to the extent determined in
Landlord’s reasonable judgment. To maintain proper air balancing and pressurization, Tenant shall keep all
of its suite entry doors closed except as actually used for ingress or egress. Landlord shall also provide water
and electricity to the Premises, twenty-four (24) hours per day, for standard office equipment, as and to the
extent determined by Landlord. Landlord shall contract for the Building’s electrical energy, which shall be
redistributed to Tenant, and Tenant shall not be entitled to contract directly with any utility company for
electrical energy to be supplied to the Premises. Landlord reserves the right to change electricity providers at


                                                                           A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                         January 1, 2022
any time. Landlord shall provide janitorial services five days per week (excluding legal holidays). Landlord
shall have the right to remove elevators (if any) from service as may be required for moving freight or for
servicing or maintaining the elevators and/or the Building.

(b)     The normal hours of operation of the Building will be 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Monday through
Friday (except legal holidays) and upon request 7:00 am. to 1:00 p.m. on Saturday (except legal
holidays). There will be no normal hours of operation of the Building on Sunday or legal holidays, and
Landlord shall not be obligated to maintain or operate the Building at such times unless special arrangements
are made by Tenant. Tenant shall have access to the Building and the Premises twenty-four (24) hours per
day, every day of the year, subject to exclusion during emergencies or repairs if, in Landlord’s sole judgment,
such exclusion is necessary. Landlord will furnish all services and utilities required by this Lease only during
the normal hours of operation of the Building unless otherwise specified herein.

(c)      It is also agreed that if Tenant requires air-conditioning or heat beyond the normal hours of
operation set forth herein, Landlord will furnish such air conditioning or heat provided Tenant gives
Landlord sufficient advance notice of such requirement, and Tenant hereby agrees to pay for such extra
service in accordance with Landlord’s then-current schedule of costs and assessments for such extra service.
Landlord will charge an additional $15.00 per hour for excess HVAC usage beyond the hours stated in
15.1(b) above, if such hours exceed the 66 allotted hours in 15.1(b).
(d)      Tenant shall also be responsible for and agrees to pay the cost of all above-standard or non-standard
uses of the utilities and services provided to the Premises.


SECTION 15.2 Interruption of Services and Utilities
It is understood and agreed that Landlord shall not have any liability whatsoever to Tenant as a result of
Landlord’s failure or inability to furnish any of the utilities or services required to be furnished by Landlord
hereunder, whether resulting from breakdown, removal from service for maintenance or repairs, strikes,
scarcity of labor or Hazardous Materials, acts of God, governmental requirements or from any other cause
whatsoever. It is further agreed that any such failure or inability to furnish the utilities or services required
hereunder shall not be considered an eviction, actual or constructive, of Tenant from the Premises and shall
not entitle Tenant to terminate this Lease or to an abatement or reduction of any rent payable hereunder.
However, Landlord agrees that is such cessation of services shall continue for more than three consecutive
(3) business days Landlord agrees to a gross rental abatement from after the third day.

SECTION 15.3 Conservation Controls
The parties hereto agree to comply with all mandatory and voluntary energy, water or other conservation
controls or requirements applicable to office buildings issued by the federal, state, county, municipal or other
applicable governments, the U.S. Green Building Council or its successors or peer organizations, or any public
utility or insurance carrier including, without limitation, controls on the permitted range of temperature
settings in office buildings or requirements necessitating curtailment of the volume of energy consumption or
the hours of operation of the Building. Any terms or conditions of this Lease that conflict or interfere with
compliance by Landlord with such controls or requirements shall be suspended for the duration of such
controls or requirements. It is further agreed that compliance with such controls or requirements shall not be
considered an eviction, actual or constructive, of Tenant from the Premises and shall not entitle Tenant to
terminate this Lease or to an abatement or reduction of any rent payable hereunder.

                                                 ARTICLE 16
                                           LIABILITY OF LANDLORD

SECTION 16.1 No Liability of Landlord
Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, its employees, agents, invitees, licensees, customers, clients, family
members or guests for any damage, injury (including death), loss, compensation or claim, including, but not
limited to, claims for the interruption or loss of Tenant’s business, based on, arising out of, or resulting from
any cause whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the following: repairs to any portion of the Premises or
the Building; interruption in the use of the Premises; any accident or damage resulting from the use or
operation (by Landlord, Tenant, or any other person or persons) of elevators, or of the heating, air-
conditioning, electrical, or plumbing equipment or apparatus; the termination of this Lease by reason of the
destruction of the Premises; any fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, gas, robbery, theft, mysterious
disappearance, and/or any other casualty; the actions of any other tenants of the Building or of any other
person or persons; any failure or inability to furnish any of the utilities or services required to be furnished
by Landlord hereunder; any leakage in any part or portion of the Premises or the Building, or from water, rain
or snow that may leak into, or flow from, any part of the Premises or the Building, or from drains, pipes,
appliances or plumbing work in the Building or from the roof, street or subsurface or resulting from
dampness or from any other cause of whatsoever nature. The occurrence of any of the foregoing items
described in this Section shall not be considered an eviction, actual or constructive, of Tenant from the
Premises and shall not entitle Tenant to terminate this Lease or to an abatement, set-off, counterclaim
against, or reduction of, any rent payable hereunder. Any goods, property or personal effects stored or placed
by Tenant or its employees in or about the Premises or Building shall be at the sole risk of Tenant, and
Landlord shall not in any manner be held responsible therefor. It is understood that the employees of
Landlord are prohibited from receiving any packages or other articles delivered to the Building for Tenant,
and if any such employee receives any such package or articles, such employee shall be acting as the agent of


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
Tenant for such purposes and not as the employee or agent of Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section, Landlord shall not be released from liability to Tenant for any damage or injury
caused by the willful misconduct of Landlord or its employees. In no event shall Tenant make any claim
against Landlord for consequential, indirect or punitive damages. Likewise, there is no Liability of Tenant
for the same reasons in this provision.

SECTION 16.2 Transfer by Landlord
In the event that at any time Landlord shall sell or transfer the Building, the transferor Landlord shall not be
liable to Tenant for any obligations or liabilities based on or arising out of events or conditions occurring on
or after the date of such sale or transfer. Upon the closing date of such sale or transfer, Tenant is deemed to
automatically attorn to the purchaser or transferee.
SECTION 16.3 Disputed Payments
In the event that at any time during the Lease Term Tenant shall have a claim against Landlord, Tenant shall
not have the right to deduct the amount allegedly owed to Tenant from any rent payable to Landlord
hereunder, it being understood that Tenant’s sole method for recovering upon such claim shall be to institute
an independent action against Landlord.
SECTION 16.4 Extent of Landlord’s Liability
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease whatsoever, no recourse shall be had on any of Landlord’s
obligations hereunder or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof against any
incorporator, subscriber to the capital stock, shareholder, officer or director, past, present or future, of any
corporation, or any
partner or joint venturer of any partnership or joint venture, or any member or manager of any limited
liability company, which shall be Landlord hereunder or included in the term “Landlord” or of any successor
of any such corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, or against any principal,
disclosed or undisclosed, or any affiliate of any party which shall be Landlord or included in the term
“Landlord,” whether directly or through Landlord or through any receiver, assignee, trustee in bankruptcy or
through any other person, firm or corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law or
by enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and
released by Tenant. Tenant shall look solely to Landlord’s estate and interest in the Property for the
satisfaction of any right or remedy of Tenant for the collection of a judgment or other judicial process or
arbitration award requiring the payment of money by Landlord. No other property or assets of Landlord,
Landlord’s agents, incorporators, shareholders, officers, directors, partners, members, managers, principals
(disclosed or undisclosed) or affiliates shall be subject to levy, lien, execution, attachment or other
enforcement procedure for the satisfaction of Tenant’s rights and remedies under or with respect to this
Lease, the relationship of Landlord and Tenant hereunder or under law, or Tenant’s use and occupancy of the
Premises, or any other liability of Landlord to Tenant.

                                                ARTICLE 17
                                          RULES AND REGULATIONS

SECTION 17.1 Abide by Rules and Regulations
Tenant and its agents, employees, invitees, licensees, customers, clients, family members, guests and
subtenants shall at all times abide by and observe the reasonable rules and regulations promulgated by
Landlord , a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C. In addition, Tenant and its agents, employees,
invitees, licensees, customers, clients, family members, guests and subtenants shall abide by and observe all
other rules or regulations that Landlord may promulgate from time to time for the operation and
maintenance of the Building, provided that notice thereof is given to Tenant and such rules and regulations
are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Lease.

SECTION 17.2 Other Tenants
Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed as imposing upon Landlord any duty or obligation to
enforce such rules and regulations or the terms, conditions or covenants contained in any other lease as
against any other tenant, and Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for the violation of such rules or
regulations or lease by any other tenant or its employees, agents, invitees, licensees, customers, clients, family
members, guests or subtenants.

                                              ARTICLE 18
                                         DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION

SECTION 18.1 Casualty
If during the Lease Term the Premises or the Building are totally or partially damaged or destroyed by a
casualty, thereby rendering the Premises totally or partially inaccessible or unusable, Landlord shall
diligently (taking into account the time necessary to effectuate a satisfactory settlement with any insurance
company involved) restore and repair the Premises and the Building to substantially the same condition they
were in prior to such damage. Provided that such damage was not caused by the act or omission of Tenant or
any of its employees, agents, licensees, subtenants, customers, clients, family members or guests, until the
repair and restoration of the Premises is completed Tenant shall be required to pay rent only for that part of
the Premises that Tenant is able to use while repairs are being made, based on the ratio that the amount of
usable rentable area bears to the total rentable area in the Premises. Landlord shall bear the costs and
expenses of repairing and restoring the Premises (with the exception of the Tenant Improvement Work),


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
except that if such damage or destruction was caused by the act or omission of Tenant or any of its
employees, agents, licensees, subtenants, customers, clients, family members or guests, upon written demand
from Landlord Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount by which such costs and expenses exceed the
insurance proceeds, if any, received by Landlord on account of such damage or destruction.
SECTION 18.2 Limitations on Landlord’s Obligations
Notwithstanding anything in Section 18.1 or any other part of this Lease, (a) Landlord shall not be obligated
to spend more than the net proceeds of insurance proceeds made available for such repair and restoration,
and (b) if Landlord is obligated to repair and restore the Premises as provided in Section 18.1, Landlord shall
not be required to repair or restore any Alterations to the Premises (regardless of by whom they were made)
or any trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment or personal property belonging to Tenant. It shall be Tenant’s
sole responsibility to repair and restore all such items. However, if requested by Tenant, Landlord shall repair
any damage to the Tenant Improvement Work or Alterations to the extent Tenant’s insurance proceeds are
sufficient and are made available to Landlord for that purpose.

SECTION 18.3 Right to Terminate
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) if there is a destruction of the Building that
exceeds twenty-five percent (25%) of the replacement value of the Building from any risk, whether or not the
Premises are damaged or destroyed, or (b) if Landlord reasonably believes that the repairs and restoration
cannot be completed despite reasonable efforts within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such damage,
or (c) if Landlord reasonably believes that there will be less than two (2) years remaining in the Lease Term
upon the substantial completion of such repairs and restoration, or (d) if a Mortgagee fails or refuses to make
sufficient insurance proceeds available for repairs and restoration, or (e) if zoning or other applicable laws or
regulations do not permit such repairs and restoration, Landlord shall have the right, at its sole option, to
terminate this Lease by giving written notice of termination to Tenant within sixty (60) days after the
occurrence of such damage. If this Lease is terminated pursuant to the preceding sentences, all rent payable
hereunder shall be apportioned and paid to the date of the occurrence of such damage.

                                                  ARTICLE 19
                                                CONDEMNATION

SECTION 19.1 Termination for Condemnation
If the whole or a substantial part (as hereinafter defined) of the Premises and/or the Building or the use or
occupancy of the Premises shall be taken or condemned by any governmental or quasi-governmental
authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose (including a sale thereof under threat of such taking),
then this Lease shall terminate on the date title thereto vests in such governmental or quasi-governmental
authority, and all rent payable hereunder shall be apportioned as of such date. If less than a substantial part
of the Premises (or the use and occupancy thereof) is taken or condemned by any governmental or quasi-
governmental authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose (including a sale thereof under threat of
such a taking), this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, but the rent thereafter payable hereunder
shall be equitably adjusted (on the basis of the ratio of the number of square feet of rentable area taken to the
total rentable area in the Premises prior to such taking) as of the date title vests in the governmental or quasi-
governmental authority. For purposes of this Section, a substantial part of the Premises or the Building shall
be considered to have been taken if more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the Premises or Building is
rendered unusable as a result of such taking.

SECTION 19.2 Award
All awards, damages and other compensation paid by the condemning authority on account of the taking or
condemnation (or sale under threat of such a taking) shall belong to Landlord, and Tenant hereby assigns to
Landlord all rights to such awards, damages and compensation. Tenant agrees not to make any claim against
Landlord or the condemning authority for any portion of such award or compensation attributable to
damages to the Premises, the value of the unexpired term of this Lease, the loss of profits or goodwill, Tenant
Improvements, Alterations or severance damages. Nothing contained herein, however, shall prevent Tenant
from pursuing a separate claim against the condemning authority for the value of furnishings, equipment and
trade fixtures installed in the Premises at Tenant’s expense and for relocation expenses, provided that such
claim shall in no way diminish the award or compensation payable to or recoverable by Landlord in
connection with such taking or condemnation.

                                                  ARTICLE 20
                                              DEFAULT BY TENANT

SECTION 20.1 Events of Default
The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an “Event of Default” by Tenant under this Lease:

(a)      If Tenant fails to make any payment of rent when due and such failure continues for ten (10) days
after written notice is delivered.

(b)      If Tenant violates or fails to perform any obligation set forth in Article 8, Section 10.2, Section 14.1,
Section 21.1, orSection 23.2, of this Lease beyond the expiration of any period for performance or request,
notice or cure period set forth or referred to therein.




                                                                            A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                          January 1, 2022
(c)      If (i) Tenant violates or fails to perform any other term, condition, covenant or agreement to be
performed or observed by Tenant under this Lease (other than as specified in this Section) and (ii) Tenant
has not been given written notice of the same or a substantially similar violation or failure on three (3) or
more other occasions within the twelve (12) month period preceding the most recent violation or failure,
regardless of whether such earlier violations or failures were cured within the allowed cure period, and (iii)
such violation or failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after notice from Landlord to Tenant of such
violation or failure; provided, however, that if such violation or failure is capable of being cured but is not
capable of being cured within such thirty (30) day period despite reasonable diligence, then such thirty (30)
day period shall be extended for such reasonable period, not to exceed an additional sixty (60) days, in which
Tenant may cure the violation or failure if Tenant commences its cure within the initial thirty (30) day period
and prosecutes the cure diligently to completion thereafter. If Tenant has been given notice of the same or a
substantially similar violation or failure on two (2) or more other occasions within the twelve (12) month
period preceding the most recent violation or failure, regardless whether such earlier violations or failures
were cured within the allowed cure period, then any subsequent violation or failure of the same or
substantially similar nature within that twelve (12) month period shall be an Event of Default, without any
further notice or cure period being afforded.
(d)     Intentionally deleted.

(e)      If Tenant or any guarantor (i) is voluntarily adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) seeks or consents
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for itself or for all or a part of its property, (iii) files a petition
seeking relief under the bankruptcy or similar laws of the United States or any state or any other jurisdiction,
(iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (v) admits in writing its inability to pay its
debts as they mature.

(f)       If a petition is filed against Tenant or any guarantor seeking any reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or future federal or
state law or other statute, law or regulation and shall remain undismissed or unstayed for thirty (30) days, or
if any trustee, receiver or liquidator of Tenant or any guarantor, or of all or any substantial part of its
properties, shall be appointed without the consent or acquiescence of Tenant or any guarantor and such
appointment shall remain unvacated or unstayed for thirty (30) days.

(g)      If any attachment or execution of any type is issued against Tenant or any guarantor, or Tenant’s
property located on the Premises, or Tenant’s rights or interest in the Lease, or guarantor’s or Tenant’s assets
of any type or nature whatsoever, including but not limited to federal, state, or municipal tax liens, and such is
not dismissed or released within ten (10) days thereafter, or such lesser time as may be necessary to avoid
loss of such property, rights or assets.


SECTION 20.2 Landlord’s Rights
If an Event of Default occurs under this Lease, Landlord shall have the following rights:
(a)      The right, at its sole option, to terminate this Lease. If Landlord elects to terminate this Lease,
everything contained in this Lease on the part of the Landlord to be done and performed shall cease without
prejudice, subject, however, to the right of Landlord to recover from Tenant all rent accrued up to the time of
termination or recovery of possession by Landlord, whichever is later.

(b)      With or without terminating this Lease, Landlord may re-enter and take possession of the Premises,
and the provisions of this Article shall operate as a notice to quit; any other notice to quit or notice of
Landlord’s intention to reenter the Premises is hereby expressly waived. If necessary, Landlord may proceed
to recover possession of the Premises under and by virtue of the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Building
is located, or by such other proceedings, including re-entry and possession, as may be applicable.

(c)     Intentionally Omitted.
(d)       Whether or not this Lease is terminated by reason of Tenant’s default, the Premises may be re-let by
Landlord for such rent and upon such terms as Landlord deems reasonable under the circumstances and, if
the full rent provided herein plus the costs, expenses and damages described below shall not be realized by
Landlord, Tenant shall be liable for all damages sustained by Landlord, including, without limitation,
deficiency in fixed and additional rent, , reasonable attorneys’ fees, brokerage fees and the expenses of placing
the Premises in first-class rentable condition. Any damages or loss of rent sustained by Landlord may be
recovered by Landlord, at Landlord’s option, at the time of the re-letting or in separate actions, from time to
time, as said damage shall have been made more easily ascertainable by successive re-letting, or, at
Landlord’s option, may be deferred until the expiration of the Lease Term, in which event Tenant hereby
agrees that the cause of action shall not be deemed to have accrued until the date of expiration of the Lease
Term. Tenant shall not be entitled to receive any excess of any such rents collected from a third party over
the rent reserved herein.
(e)      Landlord shall become entitled to recover from Tenant as and for liquidated damages for Tenant’s
default hereunder, the difference, discounted to present value by applying a discount rate equal to five
percent (5%), between (i) the annual fixed rent reserved hereunder for what, but for any such termination,
would have been the unexpired portion of the Lease Term, and (ii) the cash rental value of the Premises for
such unexpired portion of the Lease Term (unless the statute that governs or shall govern the proceedings in


                                                                           A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                         January 1, 2022
which such damages are to be proved limits the amount of such claim capable of being so proved, in which
case Landlord shall be entitled to prove as and for liquidated damages an amount equal to that allowed by or
under any such statute). In calculating such liquidated damages, the then cash rental value of the Premises
shall be deemed prima facie to be the actual rent received by Landlord for the Premises or, if not received, the
estimated cash rental value of the Premises upon any re-letting, as determined by a broker or an appraiser
selected by Landlord. The provisions of this subsection shall be without prejudice to Landlord’s right to prove
and collect, in full, damages for all rent accrued prior to the termination of this lease but not paid.
(f)     Enforce any claim Landlord may have against Tenant for anticipatory breach of this Lease.

SECTION 20.3 Landlord’s Right to Cure
If Tenant defaults in the making of any payment or in the doing of any act herein required to be made or done
by Tenant, then Landlord may, but shall not be required to, make such payment or do such act. If Landlord
elects to make such payment or do such act, all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord, plus interest
thereon at the rate of
two percent (2%) per annum (or such lesser rate as is then allowed by applicable law) from the date paid by
Landlord to the date of payment thereof by Tenant, shall be immediately paid by Tenant to Landlord as
additional rent upon demand. The making of any payment or the taking of such action by Landlord shall not
be considered as a
cure of such default by Tenant or prevent Landlord from pursuing any remedy it is otherwise entitled to
pursue in connection with such default.

SECTION 20.4 Landlord’s Lien

In addition to any statutory lien granted by applicable law, Landlord shall have a lien upon, and Tenant
hereby grants to Landlord a security interest in, all personal property of Tenant now or hereafter located in
the Premises as security for the payment of all rent and the performance of all other obligations of Tenant
required by this Lease. In order to perfect and enforce said lien and security interest, Tenant agrees to
execute all required financing statements. At any time after an Event of Default by Tenant hereunder, Tenant
may not remove and, without further notice to Tenant, Landlord may enter the Premises and seize and take
possession of any and all personal property belonging to Tenant which may be found in and upon the
Premises. If Tenant fails to redeem the personal property so seized by payment of all sums due Landlord
under and by virtue of this Lease, Landlord shall have the right, after ten (10) days’ written notice to Tenant,
to sell such personal property so seized at public or private sale and upon such terms and conditions as may
appear advantageous to Landlord. Landlord may be the purchaser at any such sale. After the payment of all
proper charges incident to such sale, the proceeds thereof shall be applied to the payment of any and all sums
due to Landlord pursuant to this Lease. In the event there shall be any surplus remaining after the payment of
any sums due to Landlord, such surplus shall be paid over to Tenant.



SECTION 20.5 Attorney’s Fees
If, as a result of any alleged breach or default in the performance of any of the provisions of this Lease, either
party uses the services of an attorney in order to secure compliance with such provisions or recover damages
therefor or possession of the Premises, or if either party is made a party to any action as a result of any
alleged act or failure to act of the other party, then the non-prevailing party in any such dispute shall
reimburse the prevailing party upon demand for any and all reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses so
incurred by such prevailing party within five (5) days after the prevailing party’s demand therefor.

SECTION 20.6 Landlord’s Rights Cumulative
All rights and remedies of Landlord set forth herein are in addition to all other rights and remedies available
to Landlord at law or in equity. All rights and remedies available to Landlord hereunder or at law or in equity
are expressly declared to be cumulative. The exercise by Landlord of any such right or remedy shall not
prevent
the concurrent or subsequent exercise of any other right or remedy.

SECTION 20.7 No Waiver By Landlord
No delay in the enforcement or exercise of any right or remedy shall constitute a waiver of any default by
Tenant hereunder or of any of Landlord’s rights or remedies in connection therewith. Landlord shall not be
deemed to have waived any default by Tenant hereunder unless such waiver is set forth in a written
instrument signed by Landlord. If Landlord waives in writing any default by Tenant, such waiver shall not be
construed as a waiver of any covenant, condition or agreement set forth in this Lease except as to the specific
circumstances described in such written waiver. If Landlord institutes proceedings against Tenant and a
compromise or settlement thereof is made, the same shall not constitute a waiver of the same or any other
covenant, condition or agreement set forth herein or of any of Landlord’s rights hereunder. Neither the
payment by Tenant of a lesser amount than the rent due hereunder nor any endorsement or statement on any
check or letter accompanying a check for payment of rent shall be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and
Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord’s right to recover the balance of
such rent or to pursue any other remedy available to Landlord. No reentry by Landlord, and no acceptance by
Landlord of keys from Tenant, shall be considered an acceptance of a surrender of this Lease.

                                                  ARTICLE 21


                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
                                    SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT
SECTION 21.1 Subordination
(a)      This Lease and Tenant’s interest hereunder is and shall remain subject and subordinate to the lien of
any and all current and future “Mortgages” (which term shall include both construction and permanent
financing and shall include mortgages, deeds of trust, deeds to secure debt, similar security instruments and
“Mortgagee” shall mean the holder or beneficiary or secured party under any Mortgage), and ground leases
which may now or hereafter encumber the Building and/or the Land, or any part thereof, and to all and any
renewals, extensions, modifications, recasts or refinances thereof. At any time after the execution of this
Lease, the holder of any Mortgage or ground lease to which this Lease is subordinate shall have the right to
declare this Lease to be superior to the lien of such Mortgage or such ground lease. The foregoing
subordination and/or superiority shall be automatic and shall not require execution of a separate instrument
of subordination or superiority to be effective; however, in confirmation thereof, Tenant shall, within ten (10)
days after Landlord’s request, execute any requisite or appropriate certificate or other document. Tenant
hereby constitutes and appoints Landlord as Tenant’s attorney-in-fact to execute any such certificate or other
document for or on behalf of Tenant.
(b)      In any case, such ground lessor, Mortgagee, landlord or successor shall not be: bound by any
prepayment on the part of Tenant of any Rent for more than one month in advance; bound by the payment of
any security deposit except to the extent actually received by it; liable for any default, act or omission of any
prior landlord; subject to any counterclaims, defenses or offsets which Tenant might have against any prior
landlord; or bound by this Lease or any amendment or modification of this Lease unless Landlord’s ground
lessor or Mortgagee, as may be applicable, at the applicable time had approved the same in writing.

SECTION 21.2 Attornment
Tenant agrees that in the event any proceedings are brought for the foreclosure of any Mortgage
encumbering the Building, the Land, or any part thereof, or the termination of any ground lease affecting the
Building, the Land, or any part thereof, Tenant shall be deemed to automatically attorn to the purchaser at
such foreclosure sale or to any ground lessor, as the case may be, and shall recognize such party as Landlord
under this Lease, and Tenant waives the provisions of any statute or rule of law now or hereafter in effect
which may give or purport to give Tenant any right to terminate or otherwise adversely affect this Lease and
the obligations of Tenant hereunder in the event any such foreclosure proceeding or termination is
prosecuted or completed. The foregoing attornment does not abrogate, limit or otherwise affect the rights of
any Mortgagee or ground lessor whose Mortgage or ground lease is superior to this Lease or of any purchaser
at a foreclosure sale pursuant to such a Mortgage.
SECTION 21.3 Rights of Mortgagees and Ground Lessors To Cure Defaults
Tenant agrees to simultaneously furnish to any ground lessor and/or Mortgagee of which Tenant has notice
copies of any default or other notices delivered by Tenant to Landlord in connection with this Lease, and no
such notice shall be effective unless and until a copy of it is sent to each such ground lessor or Mortgagee.
Each such ground lessor and Mortgagee shall have the right (but not the obligation) to cure any default by
Landlord within the same time period afforded to Landlord to cure any such default, plus such additional
period of time thereafter as may be reasonably necessary for such ground lessor or Mortgagee to cure such
default, including (without limitation) any period necessary for such ground lessor or Mortgagee to obtain
possession of the Property in order to cure such default.

                                               ARTICLE 22
                                     DELIVERY AT END OF LEASE TERM

SECTION 22.1 Surrender of Premises
On the date of the expiration or termination of the Lease Term, Tenant shall quit and surrender the Premises
broom clean and in good condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear and insured damage by fire or other
casualty excepted), together with all the Tenant Improvement Work and any Alterations that may have been
made in or
attached to the Premises, but otherwise empty, unless otherwise directed by Landlord pursuant to Section
10.4 hereof.

SECTION 22.2 Holding Over
In the event that Tenant or any party claiming under Tenant shall not immediately surrender the Premises in
the condition required by Section 22.1, on the date of the expiration or termination of the Lease Term, Tenant
shall become a tenant by the month at one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Fixed Monthly Rent in effect
during the last
month of the Lease Term, plus one hundred percent (100%) of all additional rent in effect during the last
month of the Lease Term (subject to increases thereafter as determined by Landlord in accordance with the
provisions of this Lease). Said monthly tenancy shall commence on the first day following the expiration of
the Lease Term. As
a monthly tenant, Tenant shall be subject to all the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements of this Lease,
except as to the amount of the monthly rent, which shall be in the amount specified in this Section. As a
monthly tenant, Tenant shall give to Landlord at least thirty (30) days’ written notice of any intention to quit
the Premises, and Tenant shall be entitled to thirty (30) days’ written notice to quit the Premises, unless an
Event of Default exists hereunder, in which event Tenant shall not be entitled to any notice to quit, the usual
thirty (30) days’ notice to quit being hereby expressly waived. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of
this Section, in the event Tenant shall hold over after the expiration of the Lease Term and if Landlord shall

                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
desire to regain possession of the Premises promptly at the expiration of the Lease Term, then at any time
prior to Landlord’s acceptance of rent from Tenant as a monthly tenant hereunder Landlord, at its option,
may forthwith re-enter and take possession of the Premises
without process or by any legal process in force in the jurisdiction in which the Building is located. Landlord
may accept rent in the holdover amount and concurrently commence legal proceedings to regain possession
of the Premises. Tenant shall also pay to Landlord all damages sustained by Landlord resulting from retention
of possession by Tenant for longer than 60 days after the expiration of the lease term, including the loss of
any subsequent tenant with whom Landlord has an executed lease for all or any portion of the Premises, as
long as Landlord has notified Tenant of subsequent teant. Force majeure is not an excuse to holding over.

                                            ARTICLE 23
                         TENEAT’S QUIET ENJOYMENT; ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES;
                                LANDLORD’S RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

SECTION 23.1 Quiet Enjoyment
Landlord covenants that it has the right to make this Lease for the Lease Term and that if Tenant shall pay all
rent when due and punctually perform all of the covenants, terms, conditions and agreements of this Lease to
be performed by Tenant, Tenant shall have the right, during the Lease Term, to freely, peaceably and quietly
occupy and enjoy the full possession of the Premises without molestation or hindrance by Landlord or any
party claiming through or under Landlord, subject to the provisions of this Lease.

SECTION 23.2 Tenant Estoppel Certificates
Tenant agrees, at any time from time to time, upon not less than twenty (20) days’ prior written notice by
Landlord, to execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord a statement in writing: (a) certifying that this
Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the Lease is in full
force and effect as modified and stating the modifications); (b) stating whether Tenant has taken possession
of the Premises; (c) stating whether Tenant has sublet all or any part of the Premises or assigned this Lease in
whole or in part; (d) stating whether any rent abatements exist under this Lease and the dates to which the
rent has been paid by Tenant; (e) stating whether or not, to the best knowledge of Tenant, Landlord is in
default in the performance of any covenant, agreement or condition contained in this Lease and, if so,
specifying the nature of such default; (f) if any improvements are required to be performed by Landlord
under this Lease, stating that all such work has been satisfactorily completed or, if not, providing a list of
items excepted; (g) stating the Lease Commencement Date, the rent commencement date and the scheduled
expiration date of the Lease Term; (h) stating whether any security deposit has been posted; (i) stating
whether Tenant has any knowledge of any environmental problem affecting the Premises or the Property; (j)
stating whether Tenant has any expansion, contraction, renewal or termination options of any sort or any
right to purchase the Building and/or the Land and, if Tenant does have any of the foregoing, stating whether
Tenant has exercised such option(s); (k) stating the address to which notices to Tenant are to be sent; and (l)
certifying as to such other matters as may reasonably be requested. Any such statement delivered by Tenant
may be relied upon by Landlord, any owner of the Building or the Land, any prospective purchaser of the
Building or Land, any Mortgagee or prospective Mortgagee of the Building or Land or of Landlord’s interest
therein, or any prospective assignee of any such Mortgagee. Any failure by Tenant to execute, acknowledge
and deliver within the aforesaid twenty (20) day period any estoppel certificate shall be deemed an Event of
Default under this Lease.

SECTION 23.3 Landlord’s Reservation of Rights
Landlord hereby reserves to itself and its successors and assigns the following rights (all of which are hereby
consented to by Tenant): (a) to change the street address and/or name of the Building and/or the
arrangement and/or location of entrances, passageways, doors, doorways, corridors, elevators, stairs, toilets
or other public parts of the Building and to change the design or configuration of the Building; (b) to erect,
use, and maintain pipes and conduits in and through the Premises; and (c) to grant to anyone the exclusive
right to conduct any particular business or undertaking in the Building. Landlord may exercise any or all of
the foregoing rights without being deemed to be guilty of an eviction, actual or constructive, or a disturbance
or interruption of the business of Tenant or of Tenant’s use or occupancy of the Premises.

SECTION 23.4 USA Patriot Act and Prohibited Persons
Tenant and Landlord (each, a “Representing Party”) each represents and warrants to the other that: (a)
neither the Representing Party nor any person or entity who directly owns a ten percent (10%) or greater
equity interest in it, nor any of its officers, directors or managing members, is a person or entity with whom
United States persons or entities are restricted from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign
Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on the Office of Foreign Asset
Control’s “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” list, found at
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac) or under any statute, Executive Order (including Executive
Order 13224 signed on September 24, 2011 and entitled “Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions
with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism”), or other
governmental action; and (b) the Representing Party’s activities do not violate the International Money
Laundering Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2011 or the regulations or orders promulgated
thereunder (as amended from time to time). Each Representing Party covenants that, throughout the Lease
Term, it shall comply with Executive Order 13224 and with the International Money Laundering Abatement
and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2011 and the regulations or orders promulgated thereunder (as amended
from time to time).


                                                                        A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                      January 1, 2022
                                               ARTICLE 24
                                           GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 24.1 No Representations
Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any broker, agent or employee of Landlord has made any
representations or promises with respect to the Premises or the Property except as herein expressly set forth,
and no rights, privileges, easements or licenses are acquired by Tenant except as herein expressly set forth.
SECTION 24.2 Intentionally Omitted.

SECTION 24.3 No Partnership
Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed as creating a partnership or joint venture of or between
Landlord and Tenant, or to create any other relationship between the parties hereto other than that of
Landlord and Tenant.

SECTION 24.4 Broker
Landlord and Tenant recognize Kyle M. Gillman of Commercial Property Services as the sole broker
procuring this Lease on behalf of Landlord. Landlord shall pay its broker a commission therefor pursuant to a
separate agreement between said broker and Landlord. Cortland Lowe III (HPI Corporate Services, LLC )
is the sole procuring broker tor Tenant. Landlord to pay Tenant’s broker 4% of the gross rentals
pursuant to a separate agreement. Landlord and Tenant each represent and warrant to the other that,
except as provided above, neither of them has employed or dealt with any broker, agent or finder in carrying
on the negotiations relating to this Lease. Landlord shall indemnify and hold Tenant harmless, and Tenant
shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless, from and against any claim or claims for brokerage or other
commissions arising from or out of any breach of the foregoing representation and warranty by the
respective indemnitor. No broker is a third party beneficiary of this Lease.

SECTION 24.5 Waiver of Jury Trial
LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM AGAINST THE OTHER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE, THE RELATIONSHIP OF
LANDLORD AND TENANT HEREUNDER, TENANT’S USE OR OCCUPANCY OF THE PREMISES AND/OR ANY
CLAIM OF INJURY OR DAMAGE.

SECTION 24.6 Notices
(a)      Whenever any notice, demand or request is required or permitted hereunder, such notice, demand or
request shall be hand-delivered (which term includes delivery by overnight courier services) or sent by
United States Mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the addresses set
forth below:

                         Tenant’s Address for Notices:
                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                         3103 Bee Caves Rd., Suite 201
                         Austin, TX 78746
                         Attn: Alicyn Yarbrough

                         Landlord’s Address for Notices:
                         Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                         P.O. Box 163111
                         Austin, TX 78716-3111
                         Attn: Kyle M. Gillman

                         with a copy to:
                         Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                         P.O. Box 10010
                         Midland, TX 79702
                         Attn: Donald H. Judson, President

                         And to:
                         Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                         2001 Alegria Rd.
                         Austin, TX 78757
                         Attn: Kyle M. Gillman

Tenant shall also send a copy of any notice to any Mortgagee identified pursuant to Section 21.3.
(b)      Either Landlord or Tenant shall have the right from time to time to designate by written notice to the
other party such other persons or places in the United States as Landlord or Tenant may desire written notice
to be delivered or sent in accordance herewith; provided, however, at no time shall either party be required
to send more than an original and two copies of any such notice, demand, or request required or permitted
hereunder.



                                                                        A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                      January 1, 2022
(c)     Any notice, demand, or request which shall be served upon either of the parties in the manner
aforesaid shall be deemed sufficiently given for all purposes hereunder (i) at the time such notice, demand or
request is hand-delivered or (ii) on the third (3rd) day after the mailing of such notice, demand or request in
accordance with the preceding portions of this Section.
SECTION 24.7 Partial Invalidity
If any provision of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall to any extent be
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such provision to persons or
circumstances other
than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision of this
Lease shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

SECTION 24.8 Pronouns
Feminine or neuter pronouns shall be substituted for those of masculine form, and the plural shall be
substituted for the singular number in any place or places herein in which the context may require such
substitution.

SECTION 24.9 Successors and Assigns
The provisions of this Lease shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and
each of their respective representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the provisions hereof prohibiting
or restricting assignment or subletting by Tenant.

SECTION 24.10 Entire Agreement; Amendments
This Lease contains the entire agreement of the parties, and no representations, inducements or agreements,
oral or otherwise, not contained in this Lease shall be of any force or effect. This Lease may not be modified or
changed in whole or in part in any manner other than by an instrument in writing duly signed by both parties
hereto.

SECTION 24.11 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue
(a)     This Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in
which the Building is located without regard to conflicts of laws.
(b)     The parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or State court having jurisdiction
over the jurisdiction in which the Building is located, and to venue therein. Each party waives any objection to
any such jurisdiction and venue, including any objection under the theory of forum non conveniens
(inconvenient forum).

SECTION 24.12 Section Headings
Article and Section headings are used herein for the convenience of reference and shall not be considered
when construing or interpreting this Lease.

SECTION 24.13 No Offer
The submission of an unsigned copy of this document to Tenant for Tenant’s consideration does not
constitute an offer to lease the Premises or an option to or for the Premises. This document shall become
effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery of this Lease by both Landlord and Tenant.

SECTION 24.14 Multiple Counterparts
This Lease may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of
which together shall constitute one and the same document.

SECTION 24.15 Time of Essence
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE WITH RESPECT TO THE CARRYING OUT BY TENANT OF EACH TERM OR
PROVISION OF THIS LEASE TO BE PERFORMED BY TENANT.

SECTION 24.16 Conflict
In the event of any conflict between the main text of this Lease and any Exhibit hereto, the provisions of the
main text of this Lease shall prevail unless otherwise stated.

SECTION 24.17 Execution by Tenant
If Tenant is a corporation, a limited liability company, an association or a partnership, it shall, concurrently
with the signing of this Lease, at Landlord’s option, furnish to Landlord certified copies of the resolutions of
its board of directors (or of the executive committee of its board of directors) or consent of its members or
partners authorizing
Tenant to enter into this Lease. Moreover, each individual executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant hereby
represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Lease and that Tenant is
a duly organized corporation, limited liability company, association or partnership under the laws of the state
of its incorporation or formation, is qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the Building is
located, is in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation or formation and the laws of the
jurisdiction in which the Building is located, has the power and authority to enter into this Lease, and that all
corporate or partnership action requisite to authorize Tenant to enter into this Lease has been duly taken.

SECTION 24.18 Joint and Several Liability


                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
If more than one person or entity shall ever be Tenant, the liability of each such person and entity shall be
joint and several.

SECTION 24.19 Force Majeure
In the event that either party shall be directly or indirectly delayed or hindered in or prevented from the
performance of any act or obligation required of it under this Lease by reason of acts of God, labor strike,
lockout, inability to procure materials, failure of power, riot, insurrection, war or warlike act, terrorist act,
utility blackout or brownout, legal requirement or other reason not within the reasonable control of that
party, then performance of such act or obligation by that party shall be excused for a period equivalent to the
period of such delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section shall not apply to or affect
any rental or other monetary obligation hereunder or Tenant’s obligation to vacate the Premises at the
expiration or termination of the Lease Term.

SECTION 24.20 No Construction of Lease Against Drafter
Should any provision of this Lease require judicial interpretation, it is agreed that the court interpreting or
considering same shall not apply the presumption that the terms hereof shall be more strictly construed
against a party by reason of the rule or conclusion that a document should be construed more strictly against
the party who
itself or through its agent prepared the same, it being agreed that all parties hereto have participated in the
preparation of this Lease and that legal counsel was consulted by each party hereto (or opportunity for such
legal consultation afforded to each party) before the execution of this Lease.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease under seal as of the day and year first
above written.

                                   LANDLORD:
                                   Bee Cave Properties, Inc.
                                   A Texas Corporation
                                   By: Donald H. Judson, President

                                   ________________________________
                                   Signed

                                   ________________________________
                                   Dated



                                   TENANT:

                                   A Glimmer of Hope Foundation,
                                   a Texas 501(c)(3) Corporation

                                   By: Alicyn Yarbrough, CEO

                                   ________________________________
                                   Signed

                                    11/9/2021
                                   ________________________________
                                   Dated




                                                                          A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                        January 1, 2022
        EXHIBIT A
      THE PREMISES

Non-Shaded Area – Suite 201




                              A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                            January 1, 2022
                                             EXHIBIT B
                            CERTIFICATE OF LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE
                                  AND EXPIRATION OF LEASE TERM
                                      To Be Signed at Move-In

Attached hereto and made a part of the Lease dated the 1st day of May, 2021, by and between Bee Cave
Properties, Inc., as Landlord, and A Glimmer of Hope Foundation, a Texas limited liability company, as
Tenant.

        Landlord and Tenant do hereby declare that:

        (1) The Lease Commencement Date is January 1, 2022; and

        (2) The first FULL Lease Year is the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022; and

        (3) The Lease Term shall expire (unless the Lease is extended or sooner terminated in accordance
        with the provisions thereof) on December 31, 2026.

        (4) Landlord has completely performed all of its obligations for tenant improvements and Tenant has
        approved them.


                LANDLORD:

                Bee Cave Properties, Inc.

                By: Donald H. Judson, Its President

                        Signed : ________________________

                        Dated: _________ ________________


                TENANT:

                A Glimmer of Hope Foundation, A Texas 501(c)(3)Corporation

                By: Alicyn Yarbrough, CEO

                        Signed: ________________________

                        Dated: _________________________




                                                                     A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                   January 1, 2022
                                              EXHIBIT C
                                   BUILDING RULES AND REGULATIONS
The following rules and regulations have been formulated for the safety and wellbeing of all tenants of the
Property. Strict adherence to these rules and regulations and any successors or additions thereto is necessary
to guarantee that every tenant will enjoy a safe and undisturbed occupancy of its premises. Landlord reserves
the right to amend these rules and regulations and to promulgate additional rules and regulations, but all
rules and regulations shall be subject to a tenant’s own lease. Any violation of these rules and regulations and
any successors or additions thereto
by Tenant shall constitute a default by Tenant under the Lease.

        1. Throughout the Lease Term, Tenant covenants and agrees to the following:
        A. Not to use any equipment, machinery or advertising medium which may be heard outside the
        Premises.
        B. Not to use any plumbing facilities for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed.
        C. Not to use or permit the use of any portion of the Premises as sleeping apartments, lodging rooms
                  or for any unlawful purpose or purposes.
        D. Not to solicit business in the common or public areas of the Property, nor distribute or display any
                  handbills or other advertising matters or devices in such common or public areas.
        E. Except for packages delivered by small package couriers, not to receive or ship articles of any kind
                  outside the designated loading area of the Building or other than during the designated
                  loading times.
        F. Not to employ any of Landlord’s employees for any purpose whatsoever, or request such
                  employees to do anything outside of their regular duties.
        G. To provide adequate security within the Premises for Tenant’s employees, agents, licensees,
                  invitees, assignees, subtenants, concessionaires, customers, clients, family members or
                  guests.
        H. Not to obstruct or encumber any sidewalks, entrances, passages, courts, elevators, vestibules,
                  stairways, corridors, halls or any other part of the Property.
        I. Not to permit any awnings, signs, placards and the like, or any projections of any kind whatsoever
                  to be attached to the outside walls of the Premises or affixed to the windows thereof without
                  the prior written consent of Landlord.
        J. Not to permit any drapes, blinds, shades or screens to be attached to, hung in or used in connection
                  with any window or door relating to the Premises without the prior written consent of
                  Landlord.
        K. Not to permit any showcases, mats or other articles to be placed or allowed to remain in front, in
                  the proximity of or affixed to any part of the exterior of the Premises.
        L. Not to permit or encourage any loitering in or about the Premises.
        M. Not to enter upon or use the roof of the Building.
        N. If requested to do so by Landlord, to install a locking system for the Premises compatible with the
                  locking system being used by Landlord at the Property.
        O. Not to permit or encourage any canvassing, soliciting, peddling or demonstrating in or about the
                  Premises.
        P. Not to install or permit the installation of any wiring for any purpose on the exterior of the
                  Premises or the Building.
        Q. Not to mark, paint, drill into or deface any part of the shell or core of the Building.
        R. Not to cook in the Building or permit any cooking in the Premises without obtaining Landlord’s
                  prior written consent (and not to cause or permit any odor to emanate from the Premises in
                  connection therewith if consent is given).
        S. Not to smoke anywhere within the leased premises or common areas. To smoke only is areas
                  designated for smoking which may be modified by Landlord from time to time.
        T. Not to purchase merchandise or services from company or person whose repeated violations of
                  building regulations have caused, in Landlord’s sole opinion, a hazard or nuisance to the
                  Building and/or its occupants.
        U. Not to affix any floor covering to any floor of the Premises with adhesive of any kind without
                  obtaining Landlord’s written consent.
        V. Not to bring any bicycles, motor scooters or other vehicles into the Building (except as permitted
                  by those provisions of the Lease allowing use of the parking).
        W. Not to install or permit the installation in the Premises of any coin- or token-operated vending
                  machine or similar device except for the exclusive use of Tenant’s employees in areas of the
                  Premises not accessible to the public.
        X. Not to allow any animals in the Premises, except service animals assisting persons with disabilities
                  or otherwise required by law.
        Y. Not to allow live or artificial Christmas trees. Artificial Christmas trees may be permitted by
                  Landlord if any lighting thereon is approved by Landlord and is turned off at the end of each
                  business day.

        2. Tenant acknowledges that it is Landlord’s intention that the Property be operated in a manner
        which is consistent with the highest standards of cleanliness, decency and morals in the community
        which it serves. Toward that end, Tenant shall not sell, distribute, display or offer for sale any item



                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
which, in Landlord’s judgment, is inconsistent with the quality of operations of the Property or may
tend to impose or detract from the moral character or image of the Property.
3. Landlord shall have the right to prescribe the weight and position of file systems, safes, computer
systems, and other heavy items, equipment and fixtures, which shall, if considered necessary by
Landlord, be positioned in consultation with Landlord in order to distribute their weight. Any and all
damage or injury to the Premises or the Building caused by moving the property of Tenant into or
out of the Building, or due to the same being in or upon the Premises, shall be repaired by and at the
sole cost of Tenant. No furniture, equipment or other bulky matter of any description will be received
into the Building or carried in the elevators (if any) except as approved by Landlord and all such
furniture, equipment and other bulky matter shall be delivered only through the designated delivery
entrance of the Building. All moving of furniture, equipment and other materials shall be under the
direct control and supervision of Landlord who shall not, however, be responsible for any damage to
or charges for moving the same. Tenant agrees promptly to remove from the sidewalks adjacent to
the Building any of Tenant’s furniture, equipment or other materials delivered or deposited.

4. No additional locks or bolts of any kind shall be placed upon any of the doors or windows by
Tenant, nor shall any changes be made in existing locks or the mechanism thereof. Tenant shall, upon
the expiration or termination of its tenancy, return to Landlord all keys used in connection with the
Premises, including any keys to the Premises, to rooms and offices within the Premises, to storage
rooms and closets, to cabinets and other built-in furniture, mailbox, and to toilet rooms, whether
such keys were furnished by Landlord or procured by Tenant and in the event of the loss of any such
keys, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the cost of replacing the locks. On the expiration of this Lease,
Tenant shall disclose to Landlord the combination of all locks for safes, safe cabinets and vault doors,
if any, remaining in the Premises.

5. Landlord reserves the right to exclude from the Building at all times any person who is not known
or does not properly identify himself to the Building Manager. Landlord may at its option require all
persons admitted to or leaving the Building to register. Tenant shall be responsible for all persons for
whom it authorizes entry into the Building and shall be liable to Landlord for all acts of such persons.




                                                                A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                              January 1, 2022
                                        EXHIBIT D
                        CONTRACTOR RULES AND REGULATIONS – OMITTED


All work will be done by Landlord’s Contractors.




                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                       January 1, 2022
                                                 EXHIBIT E
                                                WORK LETTER

Landlord will perform the following at its sole cost:

    •   Signage: Standard Vinyl @ Outside Entry to Common Corridor and Inside Entry Door, ADA
        Signage at Inside Entry Door, 2 Panels on Each Monument Sign (4 panels total) at Street, Company
        Listing at Each Directory
    •   Rekey Space – To Include Keypad on the Main Entry Door. Tenant needs to let Landlord know if
        any other room requires a lockset.
    •   Install new laminate kitchen countertops. Tenant to select the laminate.
    •   Install water line and outlet for refrigerator.
    •   Replace kitchen vinyl composition tile.
    •   Replace ceiling tiles in open work area and the conference room to match existing tiles in
        Reception.
    •   Landlord is not responsible for any IT/Phone work.
    •   Landlord to paint,carpet and Floor tile location and type to by determined. the Premises. Landlord
        and Tenant to mutually agree on color/design. Landlord will provide to Tenant two hours with its
        designer to pull all color selections together.
    •   Landlord to replace 3 interior doors in suite. Landlord will use its building standard (prefinished
        Birch) door with a full glass insert at main entry only so that it matches corridor...
    •   Landlord to match (to best of ability) the interior doors that are in Suite 135. All interior doors will
        match throughout the space and will have full-length light kits installed.
    •   Landlord to construct devising walls between 201 (Tenant)) and Suite 200 (available for Lease)
    •   Landlord to modify area where two offices become a conference room, at its sole cost.
    •   Landlord to update ceiling tiles in common areas, open workspace and conference room.
    •   Landlord to ensure the Premises is professionally cleaned prior to Tenant’s occupancy, including
        but not limited to existing cabinets, kitchen, and any necessary pest prevention.




                                                                        A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                      January 1, 2022
                                            EXHIBIT F
                                Construction Documents. OMITTED

No Construction requiring a permit is required under this lease. Therefore, no construction
documents are needed.




                                                                 A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                               January 1, 2022
                                             EXHIBIT G
                                    TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS

(a)      Equipment Installation. All telephone and telecommunications services desired by Tenant shall be
ordered, maintained and utilized at the sole cost and expense of Tenant. Except in the event that Landlord
otherwise requests or consents in writing, all of Tenant’s telecommunications equipment shall be and remain
solely in the Premises and the telephone closet(s) on the floor(s) on which the Premises are located, in
accordance with rules and regulations adopted by Landlord from time to time and at Landlord’s sole
discretion. Such equipment shall not be placed in any other part of the Building without Landlord’s prior
written consent, which Landlord may withhold in its sole discretion. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to
in writing, Landlord shall have no responsibility whatsoever for the maintenance of Tenant’s
telecommunications equipment and facilities, including wiring; nor for any other wiring, cabling or other
infrastructure to which Tenant’s telecommunications equipment may be connected, whether in the Building,
or on or about the Building or its roof, unless damage thereto is caused by Landlord’s gross negligence or
willful misconduct. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in the foregoing, however, Landlord, at
Landlord’s sole cost and expense, shall be responsible for all building standard wiring throughout the
Building as of the Lease Commencement Date up to the central telephone board located in the telephone
closet on the floor on which the Premises are located, and Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant’s sole cost
and expense, for the wiring required by Tenant for connecting the Premises to the central telephone board,
and for all wiring within the Premises.

(b)     Equipment Removal; Reversion to Landlord. Any and all telecommunications wiring installed in the
Premises or elsewhere in the Building by or on behalf of Tenant shall be removed, or remain in the Building,
upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term in accordance with Section 10.4 of this Lease.

(c)       New Service Provider. In the event that Tenant desires at any time to engage and utilize the services
of a telephone or telecommunications provider whose equipment is not then servicing the Building (“New
Provider”), no such New Provider shall be permitted to install its lines, wiring, cables or other equipment
within the Building without the prior written approval of Landlord, whose approval will not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such approval by Landlord shall in no way be construed as a warranty or
representation by Landlord, including, without limitation, any warranty or representation as to the quality,
suitability, competence or financial strength of the New Provider. Without limitation of the foregoing
standard, unless all of the following conditions are satisfied to Landlord’s reasonable satisfaction, it shall be
reasonable for Landlord to refuse its approval: (i) Landlord shall incur no expense whatsoever with respect to
any aspect of the New Provider’s provision of its services, including, without limitation, the costs of
installation, materials and service; (ii) prior to commencement of any work by the New Provider in or about
the Building, the New Provider shall supply Landlord with all such written indemnities, insurance, financial
statements and such other items as Landlord may reasonably deem necessary to protect its financial interests
and the interest of the Building relating to the proposed activities of the New Provider; (iii) the New Provider
agrees to abide by such federal, state, county and municipal rules and regulations, building and other codes,
job site rules and such other requirements as are reasonably determined by Landlord to be necessary to
protect the interests of the Building, other tenants in the Building and Landlord, in the same or similar
manner as Landlord has the right to protect itself and the Building with respect to proposed alterations as
described in the Lease; (iv) Landlord reasonably determines that there is sufficient space in the Building for
the placement of all of the New Provider’s equipment, facilities and materials; (v) the New Provider agrees to
abide by all reasonable requirements, if any, that the New Provider use existing Building conduits and pipes
or use Building contractors (or such other contractors approved by Landlord); (vi) Landlord receives from
the New Provider such compensation as is reasonably determined by Landlord to compensate it for space
used in or about the Building for the storage and maintenance of the New Provider’s equipment, facilities and
materials, for the fair market value of the New Provider’s access to the Building,341 and the costs which
Landlord may reasonably be expected to incur as the result of the foregoing; (vii) the New Provider agrees to
deliver to Landlord detailed “as-built” plans within ten (10) business days after installation of the New
Provider’s equipment, facilities and wiring is complete; and (viii) all of the foregoing matters are documented
in a written license agreement between Landlord and the New Provider, the form and content of which is
reasonably satisfactory to Landlord and Landlord’s counsel.

(d)     Rejection of New Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease, the refusal of
Landlord to grant approval to any prospective New Provider shall not be deemed a default or breach of any of
Landlord’s obligations under this Lease unless and until Landlord is adjudicated to have acted unreasonably
with respect to Tenant’s request for approval. In the event Landlord refuses to grant its approval of a New
Provider, Tenant shall have no right to terminate this Lease or claim any entitlement whatsoever to rent
abatement or any other credit against rent however, Tenant may as its sole and exclusive remedy under this
subparagraph seek a judicial order of specific performance compelling Landlord to grant its approval as to
the specific New Provider in question. The provisions of this subparagraph shall be enforceable solely by
Landlord and Tenant, are not for the benefit of any other party, and specifically and without limitation, no
New Provider or any other telephone or telecommunications provider shall be deemed a third party
beneficiary of any provision of this Lease.

(e)     Service Interruptions. Landlord shall have the right, upon reasonable notice to Tenant (such notice
not required to be given more than forty-eight (48) hours in advance) to interrupt, disconnect or turn off
Tenant’s telecommunications services or facilities in the event of emergency or as deemed reasonably
necessary by Landlord in its reasonable discretion in connection with repairs to Building. Such

                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
interruption(s) shall not exceed forty-eight (48) hours, and Landlord shall take all reasonable steps to enter
the Premises during non-business hours and not to interrupt, disconnect or turn off Tenant’s
telecommunications service. To the extent any such telecommunications service is interrupted, curtailed or
discontinued in any manner, Landlord shall have no liability with respect thereto in the absence of Landlord’s
gross negligence or willful misconduct, but shall be obligated to take any and all reasonable actions to restore
such service to the extent that such restoration is within Landlord’s reasonable control. In all other events, it
shall be the sole obligation of Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, to obtain substitute service.

 (f)      Interference; Indemnification. In the event that telecommunications equipment, facilities and wiring
installed by or on behalf of Tenant causes interference to equipment used, without limitation, by any other
person or entity, Tenant shall defend, hold harmless and indemnify Landlord for such interference and for
any and all damage or liability, whether actual or potential, caused thereby. Tenant shall use reasonable care
and its reasonable commercial efforts and shall cooperate fully with Landlord and all other persons and
entities to promptly eliminate any such interference resulting to other person or entities. In the event that
Tenant is unable to eliminate such interference for any reason whatsoever within forty-eight (48) hours of
receiving notice of the interference, whether from Landlord or any other person or entity, Tenant shall
discontinue use of all equipment causing such interference and thereupon be entitled to promptly substitute
alternative equipment at its sole cost and expense in order to remedy the situation (such alternative
equipment shall be consistent in every regard with the requirements set forth in this Lease for the original
equipment). If interference persists for any period exceeding forty-eight (48) hours, Tenant shall discontinue
use of all equipment causing such interference, and at Landlord’s discretion shall remove such equipment and
restore the Building systems to the condition they were in before Tenant installed its equipment, facilities
and wiring (ordinary wear and tear excepted).

g. Tenant shall notify Landlord at least 24 hours prior to any telecommunications/data work that
needs done requiring access to main telephone/data rooms.




                                                                         A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                                       January 1, 2022
                                            EXHIBIT H
                                         Special Conditions

Contrary to anything contained herein:

   1. Tenant will make payments to Landlord via Direct Deposit into Landlord’s Bank Account.
   2. Landlord is not responsible for any telephone or internet cabling.
   3. All terms of this Lease are to remain confidential except amongst the parties and their
      respective brokers. i.e. The 4 entities that can discuss the terms are A Glimmer of Hope
      Foundation, Bee Cave Properties, Inc., HPI Corporate Services, LLC (Cortland Lowe III and his
      sponsoring broker and Managing Partner, Commercial Property Services (Kyle M. Gillman).
      These 4 entities cannot discuss the terms with anyone else unless the Landlord approves, in
      writing.
   4. If work is substantially complete, Tenant can have access to the space 2 weeks prior to Lease
      Commencement for moving, installation of furniture, final IT/Phone work, etc.
   5. Tenant has the ongoing First Right of Refusal to Lease any adjacent space on the second floor
      of the Building. Landlord to give notice, in writing of any deal that Landlord is willing to
      accept. Tenant will have 5 business in which to respond.




                                                                 A Glimmer of Hope Foundation
                                                                               January 1, 2022
